Clioquinol intoxication occurring in the treatment of acrodermatitis enteropathica with reference to SMON outside of Japan.	2
"Retinoic acid syndrome" was prevented with short-time treatment of high dose (4 x 1.5 g/m2) cytarabine.	2
BACKGROUND: External beam radiation therapy often is avoided in the treatment of rhabdomyosarcoma (RMS) in young children because of the long-term sequelae.	2
Although the enuresis ceased, she developed throbbing headaches, nausea, vomiting, paresthesia, lethargy, fatigue, and altered mental status over the next 7 days.	2
A 42-year-old woman had uneventful bilateral laser-assisted subepithelial keratectomy (LASEK) to correct myopia.	2
A 16-year-old girl with erosive, polyarticular JRA showed no detectable change in her articular disease following nine exchanges.	2
Resection and use of a cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitor for treatment of pancreatic adenocarcinoma in a cockatiel.	2
Differences in interpretation by patients and healthcare professionals may cause the observed disparities in seriousness and outcome of reported ADRs.	2
We present a case report of a cytomegalovirus (CMV)-seronegative, 58-year-old male who received a CMV-seropositive donor liver transplant without CMV prophylaxis.	2
Dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase (DPD) is the rate-limiting enzyme in the catabolism of 5-FU.	2
The decedent was also prescribed tramadol, gabapentin, cetirizine, modafinil, carisoprodol, and Xyrem.	2
Magnetic resonance imaging of the spinal cord disclosed signal-intensity abnormalities from C4 to C3.	2
In this case report we describe the occurrence of oral lichen planus-like lesions as the first manifestation of chronic GVHD (c-GVHD) and the subsequent management of this disease with topical tacrolimus.	2
The day after the infusion, she no longer complained of diplopia, and her ophthalmoplegia had improved dramatically.	2
Acute coronary artery occlusion during percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty: reopening by intracoronary streptokinase before emergency coronary artery surgery to prevent myocardial infarction.	2
Examination showed severe dyspnea with severe mitral regurgitation associated with tricuspid regurgitation.	2
Approximately 1 year after symptom onset he developed mild seropositive oculobulbar myasthenia gravis, which spontaneously remitted after 5 months.	2
In those patients who found the commercially available cream uncomfortable, a 1% clotrimazole suspension formulated in artificial tears was used and found to be well tolerated.	2
The most common complications of the use of central venous catheters include infection and venous thrombosis whereas pulmonary septic emboli are rare.	2
This is the first report of a middle-aged man with multiple coronary lesions.	2
Clinical and electrodiagnostic findings are discussed in detail and a brief review of the literature is presented.	2
Patients were reviewed at intervals of 2-4 weeks for 12 months.	2
Digoxin serum levels and toxicity risks increase with the addition of amiodarone.	2
Dissemination occurred under voriconazole.	2
Delusional disorder, somatic type treated with aripiprazole--mirtazapine combination.	2
Plasmapheresis and immunosuppressive therapy.	2
Bromides appeared to be approximately as effective as diphenylhydantoin for seizure control in this patient.	2
Until the mechanism of the formation of rickets in small premature infants is clarified it is recommended that supplemental calcium and vitamin D be given to all premature infants receiving parenteral nutrition, and that periodic x-rays be obtained to detect the development of rickets.	2
We conclude that opiate medication may inhibit - in a life-threatening way - the organism's ability to respond to physical, emotional or metabolic stressors.	2
BACKGROUND: Uterine malignant mixed mesodermal tumor is a rare variant of uterine cancer.	2
Neuroleptic malignant syndrome in a patient with succinic semialdehyde dehydrogenase deficiency.	2
PURPOSE: Platinum-based therapy is the cornerstone of ovarian cancer treatment.	2
DESIGN: Case report.	2
The first patient's KI67 level was 2.5% and was positive for the progesterone and estrogen receptor.	2
One tablet from 1 of the patient's levothyroxine prescriptions was assayed, and its levothyroxine content was 74.5% of the label claim, a value outside of the United States Pharmacopeia requirements of 90-110%.	2
Recent studies show that patients with other injury patterns do not appear to have significant differences post trauma, although the data about such outcomes is sparse.	2
We ultimately speculated that corticosteroid withdrawal induced the depressive symptoms in this case.	2
In 20 healthy volunteers we found no slow acetylator genotypes.	2
Corticosteroids were stopped, and systemic trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole and topical tobramycin, colistin, chloramphenicol and sulfisoxazole were given.	2
This outbreak demonstrates the ability of drug-resistant Salmonella to spread from the animal to the human reservoir and, in a suitable host, produce a fatal infection.	2
Clinical resolution was achieved with granulocyte colony-stimulating factor and amphotericin B administration.	2
Treatment for 1 year or longer decreased tumor secretion of gastrin and diminished basal acid secretion, an effect that persisted for 48 hours after withdrawal of SMS.	2
Both children were treated with antibiotics and steroids.	2
A thyroid scan performed at that time revealed a gland of normal size and texture.	2
His dibucaine number was 21, and the Michaelis constant was 5.5 times that of normal sera.	2
As EGFR inhibitors are now incorporated with chemotherapy in advanced pancreatic cancers, clinicians should be aware of this potential complication.	2
Pulmonary veno-occlusive disease accompanied by microangiopathic hemolytic anemia 1 year after a second bone marrow transplantation for acute lymphoblastic leukemia.	2
Treatment has mainly been empirical.	2
By X-ray fluorescent spectroscopic examination, gold was seen to be present within the proximal convoluted tubular cells but was not identified in the glomerular subepithelial deposits.	2
Avascular necrosis (or osteonecrosis) is a very rare extraintestinal osseous complication that may occur in Crohn's disease, independent of previously reported risk factors, including corticosteroids or parenteral nutrition with lipid emulsions.	2
Significance of subclinical entrapment of nerves in lead neuropathy.	2
Successful treatment of invasive aspergillosis complicating prolonged treatment-related neutropenia in acute myelogenous leukemia with amphotericin B lipid complex.	2
Graft-vs-host disease (GVHD) is a potentially treatable cause of progressive neurologic decline after bone marrow transplantation (BMT).	2
Epoprostenol (prostacyclin) is currently approved for treatment of primary pulmonary hypertension; however, it is being evaluated in other forms of pulmonary hypertension, particularly scleroderma.	2
The most common chemotherapeutic agents implicated are anthracyclines and taxanes.	2
It is also available as a therapeutic agent (Xyrem) used for the treatment of daytime sleepiness or cataplexy associated with narcolepsy.	2
Treatment of intractable arterial hemorrhage during stereotactic brain biopsy with thrombin.	2
Nystatin was ineffective.	2
Special attention should be paid when attempting to sample the endometrium in patients with mullerian abnormalities.	2
This case also extends the clinical spectrum of cerebral sinus thrombosis to include recurrent transient ischemic attacks alternating with seizures.	2
Cutaneous fragility induced by hypercorticism is an important cofactor permitting direct inoculation from the environment.	2
A Meckel diverticulum is an embryonic remnant of the vitellointestinal duct.	2
Coronary artery perforation especially type III is a rare and catastrophic complication of percutaneous coronary intervention.	2
The factors which may have predisposed to its development are reviewed.	2
These medications have been associated with cerebral arteritis, renal necrotizing vasculitis, and systemic and pulmonary hypertension.	2
With careful sequential clinical and laboratory monitoring, even this type of cerebrospinal fluid shunt infection can be eradicated without catheter removal and replacement.	2
Patient age, embolic source, and intensity of anticoagulation were not associated with hemorrhagic worsening.	2
Specifically, for children with a family history of gallbladder, biliary tract, liver or pancreas dysfunction, ceftriaxone may not be the drug of choice since the likelihood of complications is increased in this population.	2
Prednimustine is an ester of chlorambucil and prednisone.	2
Furthermore, patients receiving combined therapy with an ACE inhibitor and a diuretic and patients who experience a cyst hemorrhage while receiving ACE inhibitor therapy are also at risk for reversible renal dysfunction.	2
BACKGROUND: Coagulation disorders can cause intracerebral bleeding that may be difficult to detect since subsequent aberrant clot formation may mask early detection.	2
Our purpose is to alert surgeons and therapists to a rare but potentially devastating complication and to provide our experience in treating it.	2
METHODS AND RESULTS: Skin prick tests were positive to cloxacillin in case 1 and negative in case 2.	2
He had never had any reaction from eating chocolate before and therefore reported this observation to his doctor.	2
The currently reported cases are the first observed clinical activity of a kinase inhibitor against the T315I phenotype.	2
Eye care professionals must take care to avoid potential misdiagnosis of Herpes simplex keratitis, avoid topical corticosteroids in contact lens wearers with an unknown keratitis, and pay special attention to the fellow eye for potential bilateral infection when Acanthamoeba has been diagnosed in one eye.	2
Mediastinal extravasation of doxorubicin.	2
Pharmacokinetics of daptomycin in a critically ill adolescent with vancomycin-resistant enterococcal endocarditis.	2
Early treatment of Niemann-Pick type C patients with cholesterol-lowering agents appeared to have short-term beneficial effects.	2
Spinal artery syndrome masked by postoperative epidural analgesia.	2
Hepatotoxicity from green tea: a review of the literature and two unpublished cases.	2
None of the patients required treatment for the overdose.	2
METHODS AND RESULTS: Clinical signs of adrenal suppression were observed in the newborn 3 h after birth.	2
Sudden reversible vitritis after keratoprosthesis: an immune phenomenon?	2
An oral multivitamin tablet was substituted instead.	2
The third patient, treated with 0.5 cc of thrombin, had an uneventful postoperative course.	2
The patient's high CMV-DNA viral load became undetectable on leflunomide and foscarnet, but the patient, who had severe graft-versus-host disease (GVHD) of the liver, expired with progressive liver failure and other complications.	2
We describe a severe case of hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis (HLH), secondary to a candida glabrata retroperitoneal abscess in a 41-year-old simultaneous pancreas-kidney transplantation (SPKT) recipient.	2
The patient was resuscitated, and subsequent serial cardiac enzymes indicated myocardial infarction.	2
We report two cases of late recurrence of eruptive locoregional metastatic melanoma occurring 6 and 9 years after definitive surgical treatment.	2
All patients presented with sudden, very marked decrease in vision, with little or no pain, tenderness, conjunctival redness, or discharge.	2
REVIEW SUMMARY: In this review, I summarize the newest approved medications for the treatment of PD, including the new dopamine agonists and catechol-O-methyl-transferase inhibitors.	2
Oseltamivir was well tolerated outside vomiting during the first three days of treatment in one patient.	2
Two episodes were incident cases (no prior IBD); one episode was recurrent colitis or a nonincident case (flare of prior IBD).	2
The use of acyclovir when necessary in renal failure patients is discussed.	2
CONCLUSION: Close monitoring for severe skin reactions is in order when using leflunomide.	2
Treatment requires management of both the liver abscess and the infected shunt.	2
However, correction of the hemodynamic parameters did not improve renal function.	2
Late repeat restenosis was treated with a third (Taxus, Boston Scientific, Maple Grove, Minnesota, USA) stent that was deployed through the previously implanted stent struts.	2
Other practolol related side effects are usually present in the patient.	2
Only 1 case has been described in detail, and this had a fatal outcome.	2
Two patients had a history of schizophrenia.	2
Routine endomyocardial biopsy showed acute rejection of less than grade Ib, and the patients were discharged on the 65th and 46th postoperative day, respectively.	2
Cytogenetic analysis of the bone marrow cells at the time of diagnosis of t-MDS revealed a clonal abnormality; 46,XX,add(7)(p13), der(17)t(3;17)(p11;p13).	2
We report a 30-year-old African-American woman with a contiguous diagnosis of breast cancer and paraneoplastic SSc.	2
In none of the patients were any definite clinical, laboratory or morphological signs of an approaching leukaemic transformation of the polycythaemic disorder present.	2
Diagnosed with diabetic ketoacidosis, he was given insulin and saline with discontinuation of all antipsychotics.	2
Turner's syndrome and its treatment are discussed.	2
He sustained a myocardial infarction on postoperative day 7 and progressively deteriorated and expired five days later.	2
The specimen showed no viable tumor in association with an extensive granulomatous response in both the breast and axillary lymph nodes.	2
Stage II lactogenesis was delayed until the tenth postpartum day at which point the patient's breasts became fully engorged.	2
A fatal case of theophylline intoxication is presented in which a number of factors leading to a decrease in theophylline clearance and the patient's death were possibly operative.	2
In two patients, no myocardial infarction occurred, as shown by a normal postoperative left ventricular angiogram.	2
Bronchoscopy guided transbronchial lung biopsy revealed interstitial thickening and type II pneumocyte activation, compatible with interstitial pneumonitis.	2
Attempted treatment of factor H deficiency by liver transplantation.	2
Within the past 10 years, 47 cases of BC infection have been published.	2
The stenosis developed in the area of previously noted tracheal ulceration and responded satisfactorily to carbon dioxide laser therapy.	2
We describe a 16-year-old girl with metastatic hepatocellular carcinoma who experienced cesium-induced QT-interval prolongation after the start of a cesium chloride-based alternative treatment regimen.	2
The complete recovery from anagen effluvium is difficult to explain, but it could have been because of the early initiation of corticosteroid.	2
The case is reported of eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome and polyneuropathy associated with myeloperoxidase specific antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibody.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Confocal microscopy can be a useful, noninvasive imaging technique helpful in the study, diagnosis, and treatment of Acanthamoeba keratitis.	2
She subsequently developed severe post-herpetic neuralgia requiring the recommencement of gabapentin and amitriptyline.	2
In this case series, the course of mild to severe OHSS was evaluated in 19 intact twin pregnancies after IVF/ICSI.	2
No anti-Xa activity was demonstrated in breast milk.	2
Preoperative prophylaxis for C1 esterase-inhibitor deficiency in patients undergoing oral surgery: a report of three cases.	2
Ferrous sulfate-induced increase in requirement for thyroxine in a patient with primary hypothyroidism.	2
Report of two cases.	2
She had taken feedings through a nasogastric tube with 1000 ml (1000 kcal) of Ensureliquid daily since 1993 because of the muscle weakness after rhabdomyolysis.	2
Thiabendazole given for 3 to 7 days is the treatment of choice for organ transplant recipients.	2
Air conditioning and proper ventilation of the operating room, the use of coolant sprays, good suction and proper handling of amalgam waste is recommended.	2
Thirty minutes after an anti-drug administration through the chest drainage tube, he lost consciousness shortly after coughing.	2
There are few reports in the literature related to sulfonylurea-induced hepatotoxicity.	2
Although the drug is generally considered safe, there are reports of side effects including psychosis and hepatitis.	2
Steroids also contributed to the improvement of the nephrotic syndrome and proteinuria decreased from maximal ranges of 27 g/l to 2.2 g/l after six months of the follow-up.	2
An angiogram was performed, which demonstrated that the mass was fed by the branches from the right external carotid artery.	2
The combination of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors and tricyclic antidepressants may be useful in treating patients who experience intolerable side effects or who are resistant to therapy with a single antidepressant.	2
Patient 1 also received a nine-month course of combined therapy with melphalan, procarbazine, and prednisone.	2
Catheter-directed thrombolysis (CDT) has only been described in context with free-tissue transfer in a case of distal bypass salvage.	2
Nucleotide sequence of the UL54 and UL97 of the clinical isolate showed 4 amino acid substitutions (V11L, Q578H, S655L, and G874R) in UL54 and 2 mutations (A140V and A594V) in UL97 compared with the Towne and AD169 strains.	2
Long term prognosis in these patients is better as photosensitivity gradually declines with increasing age.	2
The prognosis of Mycobacterium avium complex (MAC) infection has been improved by new macrolides-containing regimens and the use of highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART) in the treatment of acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS).	2
Two patients received blood products.	2
Slit-lamp biomicroscopy and in vivo tandem scanning confocal microscopy were performed.	2
Follow-up brain MRI of these 2 patients revealed that the lesions in the thalamus and brainstem disappeared or resolved almost completely.	2
Biological data mainly revealed hepatic failure and lactic acidosis.	2
For many schizophrenic patients, treatment with conventional antipsychotic agents is not fully effective, and one approach has been to increase the administered dose.	2
Prosthetic valve thrombosis is associated with high mortality.	2
Biomicroscopy was performed.	2
Frequent blood monitoring in search for any pronounced or sustained drop in red, white or platelet count, even within normal range could serve as a warning sign for myelotoxicity.	2
On visual field testing, a progressive evolution to a total and absolute central scotoma in the RE (central 10 degrees ) and an annular scotoma in the LE became apparent.	2
This has most commonly been a bone complication with little if any soft tissue involvement.	2
There are insufficient data about the use of immunosuppressive agents in the treatment of FMF attacks; however, we now successfully control the attacks with colchicine 0.5 mg/d and azathioprine 2 mg/kg/d.	2
Chlorambucil has only rarely been implicated in this complication.	2
Pneumocystis carinii (P. carinii) is one of the major opportunistic pathogens responsible for hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT)-related pneumonias.	2
Noncirrhotic portal hypertension: another cause of liver disease in HIV patients.	2
The literature on these associations is reviewed.	2
Twenty-four months after patient's discharge, her clinical condition, CBC, and bone marrow remained normal.	2
Medical treatment of a grossly enlarged adenomyotic uterus with the levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine system.	2
During that time, he had also been taking amphetamine-dextroamphetamine (Adderall) on work days for his ADHD.	2
Brucella infection in total hip replacement: case report and review of the literature.	2
Intraocular use of rituximab.	2
A chest radiograph demonstrated right pleural effusion.	2
CONCLUSION: The coexistence of a common prothrombotic risk factor and haemophilia may cause severe complications, in particular if the bleeding disorder has to be corrected temporarily by administration of the concerning deficient agent.	2
Cutaneous plasmacytoma is an uncommon observation in clinical practice.	2
The patient underwent radical cystectomy and an ileal conduit was created.	2
Pentostatin (2'-deoxycoformycin, DCF) was administered to 17 patients with a variety of lymphoid neoplasms, both T- and B-cell, that were refractory to conventional treatments.	2
She developed SIADH 48 hours following chemotherapy.	2
In the 36th week of gestation, the patient was introduced nitrofurantoin 100 mg a day due to symptoms of dysuria and enterococcus isolated from urine culture.	2
Histological examination of the kidneys showed tubular dysgenesis with poor differentiation of the proximal tubules.	2
RESULTS: A well-documented case report involving tap (draft) beer consumed while on an MAOI supports an earlier study, which recommended that all tap beers be restricted on MAOI diets.	2
We report on a patient who underwent renal transplantation using Campath-1H induction and tacrolimus maintenance therapy who developed HUS, which was managed by plasma exchange and switch to Rapamycin.	2
PWO is a common problem encountered with VADs.	2
Pelvic arterial pseudoaneurysm is generally treated by laparotomy and hemostatic sutures or by uterine artery embolization.	2
In CAPD patients with candida peritonitis, fluconazole seems to offer several advantages over other antifungal drugs.	2
BACKGROUND: Hemangiomas pose a therapeutic challenge because they can threaten vision in infancy and early childhood.	2
Chemotherapy related fatal neurotoxicity during induction in acute lymphoblastic leukemia.	2
In our case, the seeding might have been related to the type of needle used and the multiple passes required to treat the liver lesion.	2
The kidney function returned to normal within 1 week.	2
Physicians and pharmacists should be aware of this possibility and must educate patients about the potentially serious adverse effects of such use.	2
Unlike the persistently elevated serum HBV DNA level, the serum ALT and AST levels have gradually decreased.	2
Successful use of sodium ferric gluconate in sucrose in a patient with multiple drug allergies.	2
Reperfusion of the transplanted heart was performed retrogradely through the coronary sinus utilizing leukocyte-depleted blood with a gradual increase in temperature.	2
Accidental ingestion and aspiration of hydrocarbons in children are common.	2
Serial respiratory function tests in patients receiving bimodal therapy may facilitate early diagnosis of this potentially serious complication.	2
Intrathecal application of chemotherapeutics has been the mainstay of central nervous system prophylaxis in acute lymphoblastic leukemia treatment.	2
The authors report the case of a 61-year-old man with CML treated with imatinib with a good response, and they switched to dasatinib after grade 4 hepatic toxicity.	2
EEG was abnormal and somatosensory-evoked potentials (SEPs) showed giant SEPs, transcortical reflex (C reflex) and jerk locked potentials.	2
Heparin therapy for mistaken cardiac diagnosis in Boerhaave's syndrome.	2
This is probably the first case report of motile Enterococcus infection of the central nervous system.	2
Heavy pre- and post-transplant immunosuppression is a major risk factor for invasive fungal infection, which can involve remote organs and manifest in an indolent and atypical manner.	2
The patient developed cardiac arrhythmias, acute renal failure, and anemia.	2
DISCUSSION: There are similarities in symptoms between serotonin syndrome and clozapine withdrawal.	2
Although there are reports in the literature of a combined occlusion of the central retinal artery and vein, its occurrence following pars plana vitrectomy has not been described.	2
Bacteriological culture of the removed graft identified Escherichia coli and Peptostreptococcus.	2
CASE SUMMARY: A 67-year-old woman received radiotherapy and immunotherapy for cancer that had metastasized to the bone and lungs.	2
All of the studies were carried out at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center, Department of Pathology, Neuropathology Division.	2
Fluorescein angiography confirmed leakage surrounded by central serous detachment of the retina.	2
Two case histories are presented illustrating the difficulties of treating candida septicaemia.	2
Peritonsillar bupivacaine infiltration, a relatively safe method of pain control, is in some centers frequently used by otolaryngologists for pain relief.	2
Fever was a constant finding, frequently accompanied by signs of central nervous system dysfunction.	2
Endogenous pneumococcal endophthalmitis after splenectomy: report of two cases.	2
Although the drug is relatively safe, a growing body of literature has noted movement disorders after its administration.	2
Mycophenolate mofetil (MM), an immunosuppressant used after organ transplantation, is also used for treatment of autoimmune myasthenia gravis (MG).	2
However, a surgical approach consisting of resection of the colon may sometimes be necessary, even in patients with complete aplasia and a high risk of complications.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Adrenal suppression after steroid injection for periocular capillary hemangioma is a potentially life-threatening complication.	2
The excessive accumulation of copper in many tissues illustrates the potential danger of parenteral copper therapy.	2
At 37 weeks of gestation, she spontaneously delivered a healthy male baby.	2
In the latter cases, it is commonly attributed to azathioprine and/or tacrolimus.	2
Review of existing literature shows that in immunocompromised patients, GI cryptococcosis invariably coexists with disseminated cryptococcosis, often lacks prominent GI symptomatology, and is primarily diagnosed postmortem.	2
The pulmonary symptoms recurred after discontinuing corticosteroids, five months after amiodarone was stopped, and were associated with a persistent amiodarone level.	2
DISCUSSION: Propafenone is a class 1C antiarrhythmic agent that blocks fast sodium channels in heart muscle and Purkinje fibers similar to the action of encainide and flecainide.	2
Magnetic resonance imaging showed reversible cortical and subcortical changes consisting of high-intensity lesions on T2-weighted and fluid-attenuated inversion recovery sequences with postgadolinium enhancement, low signal intensity on diffusion-weighted imaging and increased apparent diffusion coefficient.	2
She experienced complete remission and has remained disease free since then, for more than 2 years.	2
Pamidronate was used and calcium concentrations normalized by 24 hours after treatment.	2
We describe a case of a 27-year-old patient whose irritative bladder symptoms showed response to alpha-adrenergic blocking agents on two separate occasions during the course of her treatment.	2
The beta-lactam antibiotics are reported to induce convulsions caused by the suppression of inhibitory GABAergic functions.	2
His fetishistic behavior was treated successfully using mirtazapine 15 mg/day.	2
The TC usually develop in the presence of secondary hyperparathyroidism or a high calcium x phosphate product, while other factors have been also occasionally implicated in their development.	2
Subfascial hematoma remains a rare and self-limited complication of thrombolytic therapy.	2
Four previously reported cases with the same sequence of events are reviewed as well as cases of chronic myelogenous leukemia following chemotherapy alone.	2
Cerivastatin is catabolized by cytochrome P450, 3A4 and 2C8 to M-1, and by 2C8 to M-23.	2
"St. Anthony's fire" may be due to stimulation of alpha-adrenergic receptors in the peripheral vasculature.	2
Cardiac disease is a significant complication of childhood oncologic therapy.	2
Electromyogram and nerve conduction studies showed sensorimotor peripheral neuropathy in both patients.	2
Skin lesions were located at the site of entry of bacteria (apocrine areas in 12 patients).	2
Spontaneous resolution of the thrombus such as is reported in this case is exceptional.	2
Other treatment modalities included high dose corticosteroids, plasmapheresis, lithium and perchlorate.	2
Gabapentin's effects on hot flashes and hypothermia.	2
Blood, urine, and sputum cultures were positive for Trichosporon.	2
Severe hypernatraemia associated with growth hormone replacement therapy in a patient with septo-optic dysplasia.	2
She was discharged without any neurologic sequela.	2
The main possible diagnoses, especially in the elderly, are age-related macular degeneration, tamoxifen and cancer-associated retinopathy (CAR).	2
Repeat neuropsychological testing 7 weeks after discontinuation of the drug revealed dramatic improvement in IQ, memory, naming, and other tasks commensurate with clinical recovery in his intellectual capacity.	2
There are few aids to diagnosis but once it is known that the patient has been on practolol the surgical and pathological findings are pathognomonic.	2
A search of the literature yielded 15 instances of severe antithyroid-drug-induced granulocytopenia (ATDIA) (granulocyte count of less than 0.1 x 10(9)/L) treated with G-CSF.	2
We present a patient who developed spontaneous pulmonary hemorrhage during thrombolytic therapy.	2
The most well-described presentation is diffuse lamellar keratitis (DLK), which typically develops early after LASIK and responds quickly to topical steroids.	2
BACKGROUND: Metformin has been shown to reduce complications and mortality from Type 2 diabetes mellitus, and is increasingly used to treat this condition.	2
Patients with brown recluse spider bites commonly suffer from pain, muscular aching, and a variety of local dysesthesias during the acute and resolution phases of toxin-induced injury.	2
Environmental agents have long been thought to be linked to the development of malignancies.	2
BCG therapy prevents, or at least delays, tumor progression.	2
Osteonecrosis of the maxilla as a complication to chemotherapy: a case report.	2
Treatment of hepatocellular carcinoma using arterial chemoembolization with degradable starch microspheres and continuous arterial infusion of 5-fluorouracil.	2
We describe a Caucasian child who initially presented with clinical and histopathologic features consistent with inflammatory bowel disease, for whom additional investigations led to the diagnosis of severe chronic active Epstein-Barr virus infection.	2
The symptoms of UC disappeared immediately, but he developed skin eruptions and dysesthesia in his lower limbs.	2
The urinary concentrations of the main tubular enzymes (gamma-glutamyltranspeptidase, N-acetyl-glucosaminidase, alpha-glucosidase) proved very high and successively decreased slowly.	2
Acute respiratory distress related to chemotherapy of advanced pulmonary tuberculosis: a study of two cases and review of the literature.	2
The patient received two cycles of HDARAC over the course of a ten-week period.	2
Lithium toxicity in a neonate.	2
We describe two patients in whom this conversion occurred in the absence of hypertension or excessive anticoagulation and was substantiated by serial computed tomographic brain scans.	2
Three days later, the patient returned to the emergency department with fever, vomiting, decreased energy and appetitie, and suprapubic abdominal pain, and he was hospitalized.	2
It was characterized by hyperandrogenism and polycystic ovaries in all cases, and it was associated with weight gain and menstrual disorders in 2 of the 3 women.	2
This case indicates that large and presumably organised thrombi may be treated with anticoagulant therapy.	2
CONCLUSIONS: TEN is a rare disorder that can be fatal in up to 30% of patients.	2
Serotyping revealed that the two episodes of bacteraemia were caused by different strains.	2
All the patients in this case series had undergone tooth extraction for recurrent dental abscesses while taking bisphosphonates.	2
Glucocorticoids in early rheumatoid arthritis.	2
The reports of this tragic event in the media horrified a mother in another province.	2
Treatment with ceftriaxone was started before the culture results were obtained, and was continued after susceptibility test results were obtained.	2
One day later, the INR was found to have decreased, and bleeding was also improved.	2
RESULTS: Eight out of nine patients were abstinent under quetiapine over a period of 2-7 months.	2
Many aspects of this syndrome suggest close similarities between DIHS/DRESS and graft-versus-host disease.	2
Ten patients with palatal tremor have presented to this department over the last three years.	2
The blocked catheter was surgically explanted and the firm material inside was analyzed.	2
BACKGROUND: Although most patients receiving insulin produce insulin-specific IgE, significant allergic symptoms develop in very few of them.	2
About 30% of patients have an initial remission on steroids alone, but most require some form of cytotoxic chemotherapy.	2
Methylene blue was administered (2 mg/kg intravenously), and the patient rapidly improved.	2
METHOD: To address the gap in knowledge, we present 2 case reports of patients with early NMS-like symptoms.	2
A common pathogenesis to link these agents to fibrosis remains uncertain.	2
Aspergillus fumigatus keratitis following laser in situ keratomileusis.	2
Each treatment lasted 2-5 minutes.	2
Clinical experience with Chymopapain casts doubts upon the reported results of the limited double blind studies done mainly by surgeons and their residents, relatively inexperienced in the disc injection technique.	2
His physical examination, 2 weeks after the injection and during his follow-up revealed no abnormality.	2
Prominent EPS developed soon after initiation of an atypical neuroleptic agent.	2
SUMMARY: A 29-year-old woman sought treatment from a pulmonologist for a dry, hacking, constant cough not relieved by fast-acting inhalers or narcotic cough medications that had lasted for three weeks.	2
A 70-yr-old woman presented with a 9 cm left upper outer quadrant breast mass associated with overlying skin redness and a 2.5 cm left axillary mass.	2
We report a 66 year-old man with well-documented, idiopathic generalized epilepsy who developed petit mal status lasting 6 weeks.	2
Prior surgical ligation of the peribiliary arteries around the extrahepatic bile duct followed by TAE was considered to have played a crucial role in the development of ischemic cholangitis.	2
We report a case of intentional self-poisoning with tiagabine.	2
Two weeks later he was seen with a 5-kg weight gain, shortness of breath, bibasilar rales, +S3 gallop, and increased jugular venous distention.	2
Treatment with an epidural blood patch (EBP) via the caudal approach resulted in complete relief of symptoms.	2
Aortic thrombosis resolved with enoxaparin in a patient treated with cisplatin-based regimen for small cell lung cancer.	2
Using this test we diagnosed CMV infection in the fetus of a 30-year-old renal transplant recipient.	2
This form of treatment is easily administered, is repeatable and free from serious complications.	2
Bucillamine is used as an antirheumatic drug that is structurally analogous to D-penicillamine.	2
The number of patients with chronic hepatitis C requiring interferon retreatment is increasing rapidly.	2
Internists will need to be increasingly aware of and prepared for this pharmacologic complication.	2
Ganciclovir and standard high-dose immunoglobulins were administered to the patient with resolution of the pneumonia.	2
When platinum-containing agents are administered, patients should be closely monitored for hypersensitivity reactions, even in previously uncomplicated cases.	2
Increased lens thickness contributes only minimally (9%-16%) to anterior chamber shallowing.	2
High-dose methotrexate is used in malignant hemopathies and solid tumors in children.	2
Finally, leukocyte and platelet counts increased and remained within normal range following IgG therapy in the third patient having SLE-associated leuko- and thrombocytopenia.	2
CASE REPORT: A case history of unanticipated radiation-induced bilateral optic neuropathy, 18 months after induction chemotherapy and radiation therapy for a locally advanced nasopharyngeal carcinoma, is presented.	2
The patient's condition progressively improved to full recovery.	2
However, extracutaneous lesions are common, and the gastrointestinal tract is often involved.	2
Recent evidence has suggested several available methods to monitor free SDC during Fab therapy.	2
Treatment of children with refractory acute lymphocytic leukemia with vincristine and diltiazem.	2
For therapeutic drug monitoring (TDM), blood samples were collected on day 1.	2
The patient did not fulfil criteria for Churg-Strauss syndrome.	2
Angiosarcoma developing after curative induction chemotherapy and radiotherapy for locally advanced squamous cell carcinoma of the larynx.	2
Presentation of 2 cases and review of the literature.	2
Recovery was complete in two of three children.	2
The patient was extubated 1 week later.	2
A 31 year old woman presented with a chest wall abscess due to Actinomyces israellii and Porphyromonas asaccharolytica (previously Bacteroides asaccharolyticus).	2
Hypersensitivity reaction is an unexpected drug adverse effect which sometimes can lead to fatal condition.	2
The drug was tolerated without evident toxicity, though an unpleasant taste and nausea at high doses were limiting.	2
A diagnosis of lead poisoning was made and a course of chelating treatment started.	2
The improvement in sexual response was seemingly unrelated to abatement of depression or obsessive compulsive disorder, and there was no description of priapism by any of the patients.	2
In each instance the ST segment returned to the isoelectric line within 24 hours, and subsequent development of Q waves or changes in the QRS was not observed.	2
This can be prevented by prompt recognition and specific treatment.	2
Within 10 days after cystoscopy causing urosepsis this patient developed persistant neckpain as initial symptom of vertebral osteomyelitis.	2
Corticosteroids should be used in low doses and with great caution in scleroderma patients.	2
Inflammation may be a component of TiACG.	2
Within 24 h of pulse therapy, they complained of palpitations and developed atrial fibrillation which reversed spontaneously or after anti-arrhythmic therapy.	2
Interferon-induced sarcoidosis is well documented.	2
We report the case of a 32-year-old man whose monotherapy with various antipsychotic agents failed.	2
Coexistence of chronic myelogenous leukemia and chronic lymphocytic leukemia.	2
Symptoms develop during the first 3 months after transplantation and usually disappear 3 to 6 months later without sequelae.	2
We present the first report of N. exalbida brain abscess in a 63-year-old male patient with follicular lymphoma.	2
Blood biochemistry revealed severe liver dysfunction, although no markers including hepatitis virus or autoantibodies associated with autoimmune liver diseases were detected.	2
Investigations suggested that the dextrose, rather than any additives, was responsible for the reaction.	2
EEG with polygraphic recording may detect clinically inapparent tonic seizures in epileptics with unexplained confusion, and when generalized paroxysmal fast activity occurs during EEG recording.	2
On hospital day 2 his platelet count dropped to 47,000/microl and bottomed out at 36,000/microl by day 3 with other blood cell counts remaining within normal limits.	2
METHODS: Tissue obtained during vitrectomy was cultured and examined by light and electron microscopy.	2
The autopsy findings revealed massive Strongyloidiasis with the presence of larvae in several organs, particularly in the intestinal wall, the lungs and the liver.	2
Post radiation sarcoma (malignant fibrous histiocytoma) of the cervical spine following ependymoma (a case report).	2
Incorrect identification of the organism as Corynebacterium J-K led to a change of antimicrobial therapy and clinical deterioration.	2
Food and Drug Administration in 1989 for treatment of severely ill schizophrenic patients.	2
The patient was normotensive and afebrile.	2
He developed rhabdomyolysis with hemoglobinuria after 2 weeks of treatment.	2
The latter revealed sensitization to PTU during the acute phase of the disease, which was greatly reduced 5 weeks after discontinuation of the drug and was completely absent after 5 months.	2
Clevudine myopathy in patients with chronic hepatitis B.	2
Vascular catheters are associated with complications such as infection, thrombosis and stenosis.	2
Scapular upward rotation is predominantly achieved via a force coupling involving the upper and lower trapezius and the serratus anterior.	2
The cutaneous lesions resolved completely after 1 week of treatment with topical betamethasone dipropionate and gentamicin sulfate (twice daily).	2
With current donor evaluation protocols, the risk of transmitting infections by exogenous contaminated grafts seems to be more frequent than true donor-transmitted infections.	2
An increasing range of drugs have been reported to cause sAML, including the alkylating agents, the epipodophyllotoxins and the anthracyclines, both as single agents and in combination (Pedersen-Bjergaard & Philip, 1991; Pedersen-Bjergaard & Rowley, 1994).	2
It has been observed after a variety of lesions affecting the posterior nerve roots, the spinal ganglia and the peripheral nerves.	2
We present three cases of women who developed acute transient myopia caused by drugs for gynecological problems.	2
We examined the in vitro inhibition of the clonogenic capacity of bone marrow hematopoietic progenitor cells of this patient by D-Pen, and found strong inhibition in burst-forming unit-erythroid and colony-forming unit-megakaryocyte assays, but not in colony-forming unit-granulocyte/macrophage assays.	2
Pseudomonas aeruginosa was cultured not only from the corneal ulcer but also from the contact lens solutions, suggesting that the patient had been noncompliant with care procedures.	2
Mild photophobia was the most common side effect, but could be easily overcome by wearing sunglasses.	2
We present the 30-month follow-up of a 12-yr-old girl affected by diabetic ketoacidotic coma, complicated by rhinocerebral mucormycosis and successfully treated with POS at the initial daily dose of 5 mg/kg t.i.d. with fatty food for 3 wk, followed by a daily dose of 10 mg/kg in four doses for 2 months and then 20 mg/kg/d in four doses for 16 months and in two doses for further 5 months.	2
Current dosing guidelines for intravenous azithromycin can result in much higher serum concentrations than is seen with oral administration.	2
Treatment is supportive; phenobarbital and carbamazepine may be used with caution as alternate anticonvulsant therapy.	2
Impairment of consciousness developed with a remarkable temporal delay of 24 to 48 hours after occurrence of peak serum concentrations and resolved with a comparable delay after reaching the therapeutic range (anticlockwise hysteresis).	2
Diagnosis may be confirmed by CT-scanning of the orbits.	2
A 29-year-old woman who underwent laser in situ keratomileusis (LASIK) for myopic astigmatism in both eyes presented with severe pain, photophobia and decreased visual acuity in the left eye eight days after surgery.	2
No chronic GVHD occurred.	2
After three months, 17 (74%) out of 23 eyes showed a significant low endothelial cell count compared to the normal fellow eye ( P 0.001).	2
Clinically, this condition presents with the classic triad of fever, rash, and lymphadenopathy.	2
He received further chemotherapy without G-CSF and without any recurrence of the raised leucocyte count but failed to achieve full remission.	2
A 5-year-old boy presented with abdominal pain, nausea and vomiting of blood.	2
This case report describes the classic presentation of the syndrome, emphasizing the oral manifestations.	2
Two dogs with systemic nocardiosis are presented and the pathobiology, diagnosis, and treatment of nocardial infections are discussed.	2
All patients had bleeding complications before and after VAD placement, necessitating multiple blood product transfusions.	2
All cases were diagnosed with Acanthamoeba castellanii by culture on nonnutrient agar, corneal scraping, and/or confocal microscopy.	2
Eighty-four percent of patients reported an increase in their sense of well-being.	2
Clinical characteristics of the corneal infiltrates resembled staphylococcal-immune infiltrates.	2
Some of the clots were firmly adherent, whereas others dislodged easily after being rinsed with saline.	2
We plan to do a Holter study during the period of bradycardia in subsequent patients and this may throw more light on the issue.	2
In addition, he was given a continuous infusion of 400 micrograms daily human recombinant granulocyte macrophage-colony stimulating factor (rh GM-CSF) for 17 days.	2
Recurrent neutrophilic eccrine hidradenitis.	2
Initial measurements showed the patient was able to walk for one minute and 34 seconds on a treadmill (2 mph, 10% grade) before stopping because of claudication.	2
He had been admitted because of necrotizing enterocolitis, at the age of 26 days.	2
The anatomy of the radial artery, the diagnosis of injury, and a treatment algorithm are presented so that potential devastating hand complications can be avoided.	2
We also showed that the drug was inhibitory to fungi in vitro as a vapor, not requiring contact by diffusion through agar or broth.	2
Pathognomonic signs of CIN were present.	2
A 51-year-old-woman presented with chronic eosinophilia, a diffuse interstitial lung pattern on CT and splenomegaly with hypodense lesions.	2
The combined occurrence of bronchial anthracostenosis and mediastinal fibrosis in association with wood-smoke exposure has not been previously reported.	2
An association is reported between Reye syndrome and varicella zoster virus (VZV) infection in a 10-year-old boy who had serologic evidence of coinfection with VZV and influenza A H3N2, and exposure to salicylates.	2
There are interesting effects of this drug in HIV-positive diabetic patients.	2
An unrelated allogeneic stem cell transplantation was performed.	2
Topiramate and metabolic acidosis: a case series and review of the literature.	2
We hypothesize that sibutramine, through its effect on neurotransmitters, may induce antidiuretic hormone secretion and lead to a syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion.	2
Neither corticosteroids, osmotic diuretics, hemodilution nor surgical decompression of the optic nerve have proved successful.	2
We report a patient with supralethal magnesemia of 38.7 mg/dL who survived.	2
Propranolol had to be given for eight months after surgery.	2
A case is presented, in which the extrapyramidal side effects of depot pipotiazine lasted well over 6 months, and possibly the therapeutic effect for almost 12 months following the last injection.	2
Treatment with naloxone resulted in rapid reversal of signs without sequelae.	2
METHOD: A patient with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS) with pulmonary Pneumocystis carinii was treated with 750 mg of atovaquone three times a day.	2
In 3 patients, the syndrome was exacerbated after conversion of therapy to another antiepileptic drug with an aromatic ring chemical structure.	2
Hand-made articulating spacers for infected total knee arthroplasty: a technical note.	2
Although not previously known, it was at this stage discovered that the patient had received treatment with anti-leprosy drugs nearly three years before presentation in this country.	2
In the second patient an early diagnosis was made and treatment promptly instituted.	2
No abnormalities were identified on review of collection and processing records.	2
Pseudomonas aeruginosa was the most common isolate and caused both CVC-related and CVC-unrelated infections, whereas other Pseudomonas spp. and Xanthomonas maltophilia were almost exclusively associated with CVC-related infections.	2
Amifostine has been found to significantly decrease acute and chronic xerostomia but not mucositis.	2
Transient postoperative pericardial constriction in a child.	2
Histochemistry identified a calcium containing melanin-like substance.	2
CASE DESCRIPTION: A 5-year-old sexually intact male cockatiel was examined because of progressive dyspnea of 1 week's duration.	2
The authors describe a patient who had a secondary liver infarct during anticoagulant treatment for cerebral infarction.	2
Recently, combined chemotherapy and radiation therapy has been introduced for head and neck tumours.	2
Etanercept was stopped, and CD responded well to standard treatment.	2
Interaction between methotrexate and ciprofloxacin.	2
MRI also indicated improvement.	2
There were no other known risk factors for vascular disease.	2
Corneal calcifications are presumably related to longer-lasting phosphate application.	2
Two cases of toxic reaction to lithium carbonate are reported.	2
An 8-year-old boy was found to be hypertensive on routine exam (144/88).	2
A case of superior sagittal sinus thrombosis associated with Evans' syndrome of immune haemolytic anaemia is reported.	2
SMS 201-995 is active orally at doses of 4-8 mg and when given thrice-daily to 6 patients with active acromegaly, suppressed mean 24-h growth hormone levels by 51-88%.	2
The baby was born healthy, without any anomalies.	2
Only experienced clinicians should administer chemotherapy, and thorough records must be kept to document the chemotherapy administered, dosages, dates of administration, the procedure used, and the schedule of cycles administered.	2
Combined pharmacomechanical thrombectomy for acute inferior vena cava filter thrombosis.	2
Results of coronary investigations were negative.	2
This case report presents the clinical and radiographic course of temporomandibular joint (TMJ) involvement in a patient with severe TMJ symptoms from psoriatic arthritis (PsA) resistant to both systemic infliximab and intra-articular glucocorticoid and who therefore received multiple intra-articular infliximab injections for 36 weeks.	2
Rigorous diagnostic procedures with repeated scintiscans and TSHRAb titering are necessary to avoid a false diagnosis and inappropriate therapy.	2
Dapsone is increasingly used in the treatment of rheumatic diseases.	2
Intraocular pressure (IOP) was not able to be controlled medically, however, and filtering surgery 20 days post laser treatment was required.	2
Chromosomal analysis showed some abnormalities.	2
In this report, we suppose the possibility to develop a foetal malformations after a long-term wash out from isotretinoin therapy.	2
Refractory pouchitis developed in all patients as well as protracted symptoms of diarrhea, abdominal pain, joint pain, and incontinence.	2
One patient underwent coronary angiography which disclosed no pathology, but following which, while on a calcium channel blocking agent regimen, he had an uneventful course of chemotherapy with cisplatin.	2
Some of these patients may have been previously treated with radiotherapy.	2
This case report describes a patient who developed a seizure with single-pulse transcranial magnetic stimulation during motor threshold estimation.	2
A diffuse intrahepatic metastasis of a carcinoid was treated with a loco-regional intraarterial chemotherapy via a catheter system implanted in the gastroduodenal artery.	2
Two months after the incident, the choroid was normal appearing but the pars planitis was unchanged.	2
One patient died shortly after this, whereas the second patient died of the complications of prolonged shock.	2
Drug discontinuation was followed by a complete resolution of the skin eruption.	2
Although chronic arterial hypertension is the leading cause of intracranial hemorrhage, an abrupt rise in systemic arterial pressure in normotensive people may sometimes induce a hemorrhagic stroke.	2
After 18 months, the patient was in good health.	2
Cholestyramine was utilized to interrupt the enterohepatic recycling of warfarin and for its antidiarrheal effects to prevent gastrointestinal vitamin K wasting.	2
Acute pleuropericarditis relevant to post-cardiac injury syndrome with an atypically early onset might have occurred in this case as a rare complication of PCI.	2
The clinical, biochemical, and, finally, genetic evaluation confirmed Wilson's disease diagnosis in this patient.	2
Brain metastasis was detected in one patient at 7 months after initial therapy and was treated with stereotactic radiotherapy combined with whole brain irradiation.	2
According to the Naranjo probability scale, this reaction was probable.	2
The use of high potency topical steroids for the treatment of oral vesiculoerosive diseases seems to have been a contributing factor in two of these cases.	2
Children treated with thalidomide should undergo regular neurophysiologic studies in order to detect presymptomatic or progressive peripheral neuropathy.	2
Pancreatic stones in 30 patients not treated with trimethadione neither disappeared nor diminished spontaneously.	2
Vapreotide was found to reduce nausea and vomiting considerably, by inhibiting the release and action of gastrointestinal hormones and the secretory and motor functions of stomach and intestines.	2
This initial coagulation response was followed by a second phase of hematological response (starting on days 15-20) characterized by leukocytosis, occurrence of myeloid progenitor cells in the peripheral blood, and a decrease in bone marrow blasts (<1% on days 28 and 36).	2
The maximum tolerated single dose of intravenous iron infusion and iron pharmacokinetics are not known in children and not clear in adults.	2
Oligohydramnios and pulmonary hypoplasia: a case in which involvement of an angiotensin II receptor antagonist was suspected.	2
For this goal, a moist environment may be the optimal choice for topical therapy.	2
Hypercalcemia occurs frequently after renal transplantation.	2
Use of leflunomide in an allogeneic bone marrow transplant recipient with refractory cytomegalovirus infection.	2
Quantitative histologic study of iliac crest biopsy revealed marked increase in trabecular bone volume and osteoid volume, suggestive of fluorosis.	2
For this reason, olanzapine was considered strongly associated with this patient's apparent NMS episode.	2
Recurring periods of prolonged erections in patients with sickle cell disease (stutter priapism) are uncommon, yet troubling sequelae of hemoglobinopathies.	2
Toxic streptococcal syndrome.	2
The child died 62 days after discontinuation of prostaglandin treatment.	2
We have confirmed in 5 patients that continuous administration of folinic acid with weekly oral methotrexate prevents improvement of psoriasis.	2
The usefulness of CYP2C9 genotyping before starting coumarinic treatments is discussed.	2
Currently, a national randomized trial by the National Prostatic Cancer Project is evaluating this therapeutic innovation.	2
At 8 weeks' gestation, she was started on candesartan cilexetil (an ARB).	2
Amebic keratitis was diagnosed following corneal biopsy and cultures which grew Acanthamoeba of a species similar to, but not identical with, Acanthamoeba polyphaga.	2
Using a medical emergency team to manage anaphylactic shock.	2
An additional disorder in the spectrum of thyroid related muscle disease is presented.	2
This is the first described case of acute gouty arthritis after RFA for a HCC lesion in a patient with underlying chronic renal insufficiency.	2
The present case is a young adult who had severe almost continuous hiccups for 3 years after placement of a feeding gastrostomy and Nissen fundoplication.	2
A 55-year-old man developed acute myocardial infarction (AMI) related to a large coronary artery aneurysm and a distal coronary stenotic lesion after steroid therapy for systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE).	2
Probable interaction between tolterodine and warfarin.	2
Herpes simplex epithelial keratitis developed in four renal transplant recipients while they were receiving high-dose systemic corticosteroid and immunosuppressive therapy.	2
Some much-quoted early studies noted abnormalities in liver function tests (LFTs) in very obese patients taking high doses, although there was no evidence of clinically significant liver dysfunction.	2
Chemonucleolysis is a procedure for treatment of low back pain due to discogenic disease in which the drug chymopapain is injected into lumbar disks to produce chemical dissolution of the nucleus pulposus.	2
Steroid-induced alterations of mood and behavior in children during treatment for acute lymphoblastic leukemia.	2
A response to rhEPO was defined as an increase in hematocrit of 4 percentage points or more over baseline, or the elimination of all transfusions with the hematocrit stable at the baseline level.	2
Five patients were treated with topical neomycin-polymyxin B-gramicidin (Neosporin) and propamidine isethionate (Brolene) drops.	2
Valacyclovir is an effective oral agent for the treatment of herpes virus infection, however, the pharmacokinetics of the drug are altered in renal failure.	2
The prevalences of hypertension, coma/unresponsiveness, seizures, and death were not as prominent in our study as previously reported, perhaps reflecting earlier recognition and intervention.	2
OBJECTIVE: To report a possible drug interaction between the combination of fluorouracil (5-FU), levamisole, and warfarin.	2
With careful parental support, his sodium levels remained stable for many years on a fixed dose of DDAVP and a supervised fluid intake of 2.5 l/day.	2
After receiving conventional chemotherapy, they underwent multicyclic DI-CT consisting of CDDP, ETP and ifosfamide supported by G-CSF and ABPCT.	2
He tolerated both agents together well, with the exception of experiencing chronic constipation.	2
Three URTI and one associated upper and LRTI were diagnosed in three BMT recipients out of six patients admitted to the BMT unit, during eight-wk period (March and April 2008).	2
No hemodynamic instability or cardiac or renal sequelae were associated with the large, inadvertent bolus in our patient.	2
CASE REPORTS: Case 1: A 53-year-old male alcoholic received cyanamide treatment for 4.5 months and completely abstained without cyanamide treatment for 6 years.	2
We describe a woman who received polyacrylamide gel injections for cosmetic reasons and developed a severe granulomatous inflammation paranasally.	2
One patient developed irreversible bilateral blindness and another unilateral blindness secondary to optic neuropathy.	2
CASE: A 48-year-old male patient with a history of tuberculosis and visual loss during anti-tuberculous drug therapy was admitted to our hospital.	2
The patient was taking oral corticosteroids for underlying systemic lupus symptoms, and had classic signs and symptoms of peritonitis.	2
METHODS: Two patients with long-term hydroxychloroquine use, subtle perifoveal ophthalmoscopic pigmentary changes, and bilateral perifoveal defects on automated Humphrey visual field (HVF) 10-2 perimetry were imaged using SD-OCT and AO.	2
The use of epidural local anaesthetics immediately after surgery delays the diagnosis of a postoperative neurological deficit.	2
CASE SUMMARY: A 16-day-old infant developed several mild episodes of apnea that culminated in a severe cyanotic episode requiring resuscitation.	2
Unique to this case, however, was the substitution of another angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor, enalapril, without exacerbation of the pemphigus.	2
SUMMARY: A 65-year-old Caucasian man was admitted to the hospital on January 26, 2006, for worsening congestive heart failure (CHF).	2
In clinical practice, serum level monitoring of anticonvulsant drugs is usually adequate.	2
Danazol at 400 mg per day was therefore again administered.	2
The phenotype overlaps with that of attention deficit disorder, raising the possibility of subtypes of attention deficit disorder that have a peripheral sensory cause and novel forms of therapy.	2
A 54-year-old man with polyarteritis nodosa developed acute onset of right upper quadrant abdominal pain associated with a large liver mass.	2
Initially, antipsychotics and especially pimozide were considered to be the pharmacological approach of choice but, subsequently, tryciclic anti-depressants and selective serotonin re-uptake inhibitors (SSRIs) were also suggested to be effective, implicating the serotonergic system in the pathophysiology of the disorder.	2
Familiarity with these hair practices will aid in the accurate diagnosis, prevention, and proper management of this problem.	2
The manufacturer began a Pregnancy Prevention Program (PPP) in 1988; however, exposed pregnancies continue to occur.	2
Steroid diabetes in children with Crohn disease.	2
We report a 67-year-old man with Parkinson's disease for 9 years who developed compulsive use of levodopa.	2
Acutely, SMS decreased acid secretion and restored the BAO/MAO to normal in eight of eight patients.	2
To know the histochemical effects of steroid treatment on eosinophil accumulation in nasal polyps of AIA and the histochemical feature of a recurring polyp and to detect distributional differences between storage and secreted forms of eosinophil cationic proteins, we carried out immunocytochemical labelling with antibodies against EGI (recognizing resting and activated eosinophils) and EG2 (recognizing only activated eosinophils), and determined eosinophil infiltration in nasal polyps that were obtained before and after steroid treatment, and at recurrence of polyps.	2
The renal failure in each case was reversed by discontinuation of MP and/or by forced diuresis using albumin and furosemide.	2
Under constant mechanical ventilator settings, a highly significant linear correlation between peak airway pressure and arterial pCO(2)(r: 0.98 P<0.001) was observed.	2
Efficacy was evaluated by the Clinical Global Impression Scale (CGI); safety by adverse events notes during the time mecamylamine was administered.	2
The association of hepatitis B virus infection and vasculitis or other immune-mediated manifestations is well documented.	2
We report two cases of central venous catheter-related Rhodotorula rubra fungemia that occurred in patients with acute myeloblastic leukemia.	2
RESULTS AND CONCLUSIONS: Clonazepam provided effective relief for > 6 months in two patients with shooting/shocking phantom limb pain.	2
Possible causes of this phenomenon are proposed keeping in mind that a hypotensive drug can cause intra ocular pressure rise.	2
This case report demonstrates the lack of adverse events in a pediatric patient administered nesiritide beyond the recommended dosing parameters.	2
Implications for professionals who care for lactating women are discussed.	2
We conclude that after an accidental overdose in this patient, body TCA disappearance was strongly prolonged due to a very slow (absorption) half-life of the drug in comparison to a therapeutic dose.	2
After 2 courses of intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIG) therapy, bone marrow erythropoiesis recovered with his hemoglobin level increased to 123 g/L.	2
Hyperglycemia induced by the first product improved after the substitution, suggesting that the Erwinia enzyme may be less diabetogenic than the E. coli enzyme.	2
Complete recovery of the headache symptoms occurred only after OXC was discontinued.	2
In 1995 his blood pressure became difficult to control despite a sequential increase in his antihypertensive medication dosages and the addition of new medications.	2
Lymphotropic herpesviruses such as human herpesvirus type 6 (HHV-6) have enhanced pathogenicity in some immunocompromised hosts, such as transplant recipients and HIV-infected patients.	2
Therefore, ocular examination at baseline and every 6 months is indicated for patients receiving a regimen of amiodarone and/or digoxin therapy.	2
Cessation of sulfasalazine and administration of steroids led to dramatic improvement.	2
The most common findings are fever, malaise, headache, and exacerbation of cutaneous lesions.	2
A successful cord blood transplant in a child with second accelerated phase chronic myeloid leukemia following lymphoid blast crisis.	2
She developed pruritus, edema, and urticaria over both hands.	2
Intravenous pyelogram performed 20 months later following an episode of left-sided colicky pain showed right-sided papillary necrosis.	2
A 77-year-old woman with type II diabetes mellitus was admitted to our hospital in August/ 1995 with severe hyperlipidemia.	2
In two patients opportunistic infections did not develop.	2
No other cause of abdominal pain was identified.	2
Timolol side effects and inadvertent overdosing.	2
Resolution of protein-losing enteropathy and normalization of mesenteric Doppler flow with sildenafil after Fontan.	2
RESULTS: One patient progressed to chronic renal failure and required prolonged dialysis followed by renal transplantation, though the leukemia remained in remission.	2
Additionally, their Global Assessment Scale (GAS) score increased significantly from a mean of 30.8 +/- 4.7 to a mean of 43.1 +/- 8.6 (t = 5.19, df = 14, P = .001).	2
Furosemide, spironolactone, allopurinol, and hydroxyurea were considered possible causes of the reaction and were discontinued.	2
All patients improved and 6 are in complete remission.	2
Minimal change nephrotic syndrome after allogenic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation.	2
(4) The acute rehabilitation of a 21-year-old woman with systemic lupus erythematosus and a history of 14 laparotomies due to severe acute pancreatitis and multiple gut perforations.	2
LDEs can clinically and histologically resemble idiopathic or classic lichen planus.	2
A new alkaline propanolamine derivative, enciprazine, was tested in an early phase-II semi double-blind placebo-controlled A-B-A design to verify the hypothesis that the substance may have tranquilizing properties.	2
Ezetimibe is a lipid-lowering agent that inhibits the intestinal absorption of cholesterol and other related phytosterols.	2
In both, metoprolol produced objective and subjective improvement of the tremor without producing bronchospasm.	2
There is a possible association between eosinophilia and myocarditis, a life-threatening condition.	2
Herein we report a severe adverse reaction to adalimumab in a 25-year-old female patient.	2
Clinical trials of patients treated de novo, in first relapse, and with resistant disease have achieved a high rate of complete remission (CR).	2
Based on plasma TCA concentrations in our patient, we calculated a terminal half-life of TCA of 33 days as opposed to 5 days observed after intra-articular administration of a therapeutic dose of 40 mg TCA.	2
Multifocal osteonecrosis following chemotherapy and short-term corticosteroid therapy in a patient with small-cell bronchogenic carcinoma.	2
Discontinuation of etanercept led to control of heart function.	2
Computed tomography guided core needle biopsy diagnosis of pelvic actinomycosis.	2
During 11 months of follow-up, arrhythmia did not recur.	2
The addition of certain substrates such as glutamine, arginine and omega-3 fatty acids may improve the body's immune response as well.	2
Putative drug-related pemphigus foliaceus in four dogs.	2
During the last 15-year period, this atypical antipsychotic agent has been administered to 750 patients managed at the Emergency Psychiatry Services and Clinical Pharmacology Unit of the National Institute of Psychiatry and Neurology (NIPandN; Budapest, Hungary).	2
Coagulase-negative staphylococci were detected in cerebrospinal fluid (CSF), and the infection persisted even with intrathecal administration of gentamycin, and intravenous administration of vancomycin and arbekacin.	2
The characteristics of insulin antibody in this patient were similar to the antibodies of IAS patients, therefore we administered oral glucocorticoid against insulin antibody.	2
These arrhythmias were resistant to standard antiarrhythmic therapy.	2
After six weeks of therapy, clinical symptoms had greatly improved and intercellular antibody levels had decreased from a titer of 5,120 to 160.	2
While reactivation Histoplasmosis has been reported in the setting of immunosuppression, it remains unclear whether remote primary latent infection represents risk of endogenous reactivation after anti-tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha therapy.	2
Psoriatic arthritis complicating lung cancer.	2
Ototoxicity was assumed, but the deficit was later found to be of a conductive nature, due to marrow proliferation within the ossicular chain as a consequence of the disease process--a phenomenon previously unreported in the literature.	2
Neuroleptic drug induced downregulation of nigral dopaminergic neurons may help to explain the persistent parkinsonism found in many patients after withdrawal of medication.	2
Endoscopic injection of sclerosing agents is a strategy for control of esophageal varix bleeding.	2
The common systemic diseases that may give rise to gynecomastia were excluded.	2
The response rate was 40% in the 10 cases that were treated with Lp-TAE combined with HT and 20% in the 10 cases that were treated with Lp-TAE.	2
The infant was fully breast-fed, and the neonatal lamotrigine serum concentration was 4.87 microg/mL at the time of admission.	2
A case report.	2
The possible inter-relationship of the cholestatis, central retinal vein thrombosis and immunosuppression are discussed.	2
Physicians should be aware of the presence of corticosteroids in over-the-counter products, that are not mentioned on the instruction leaflet.	2
Tests for antimyeloperoxidase ANCA were repeatedly negative before the drug was started, strongly implicating the drug as the cause of the episode.	2
Fenofibrate administration is associated with a uric acid lowering effect.	2
Three of the four patients had a significant decrease in visual acuity as the result of a retinopathy, primarily affecting the region about the macula accompanied by macular edema.	2
A 52-year-old woman was seen in our outpatient clinic for pain and numbness in the left lower lip and chin, which developed following an endodontic treatment for her mandibular left second premolar.	2
Visual changes, headache, and elevated blood pressures were present on arrival to the emergency department.	2
Over the next 15 h she developed progressive hemolysis and methemoglobinemia.	2
Interstitial lung disease has been reported in association with numerous alkylating agents and other chemotherapeutic drugs.	2
After taking him off all drugs and administering spironolactone supplemented with potassium, his low serum potassium level was ameliorated.	2
METHODS: The central and peripheral fields were examined with the Humphrey Visual Field Analyzer.	2
It is not certain to what extent drug therapy, physiological and metabolic changes consequent on prolonged seizures, hitherto undiscovered infective agents, or a combination of any of these may play in such a process.	2
The break was successfully closed with an intraoperative injection of Healon5 into the bleb.	2
The successful treatment of autoimmune hepatitis with 6-mercaptopurine after failure with azathioprine.	2
We describe a case of 73-year-old patient who has been operated in emergency on triple coronary artery bypass graft (CABG), which was complicated with respiratory insufficiency and devastating mediastinitis.	2
Pulses have been given for periods up to three years without evident toxicity.	2
Phenytoin toxicity and thyroid dysfunction.	2
The disorder recurred during treatment with paclitaxel.	2
Because the efficacy of the prophylactic use of lamivudine has been reported and the steroid enhances curability of malignant lymphoma, the steroid containing regimen with prophylaxis of lamivudine should be evaluated further.	2
Development of bilateral herpes zoster following thoracoscopic splanchnicectomy.	2
Rhodococcus equi pulmonary-central nervous system syndrome: brain abscess in a patient on high-dose steroids--a case report and review of the literature.	2
Laboratory investigation showed; anemia (Hb 7.7 g/dl), slightly elevated liver function tests, elevated total bilirubin, and ESR.	2
Strongyloides infections in transplant recipients.	2
Autopsy findings are discussed of a 23-month-old child exposed in utero to anticonvulsant therapy.	2
If detected and diagnosed in a timely fashion, it can be treated and should resolve with minimal sequelae.	2
The authors performed a literature search using PubMed and the search terms "gemcitabine" and "radiation recall" to find prior cases of radiation recall attributed to gemcitabine.	2
Capecitabine 1500 mg taken by mouth twice daily was prescribed as the salvage chemotherapy.	2
The patient's pain was well controlled with 10 mg continuous release morphine p.o. three times daily, and 10 mg immediate release morphine p.o. for breakthrough pain as required.	2
One of the etiologic factors of this disorder is prolonged prostaglandin E1 (PGE1) therapy of neonates with congenital cyanotic heart diseases.	2
Other potential causes of myopathy such as chronic renal failure and other drugs were ruled out.	2
After treatment with steroids there was gradual clinical improvement and disappearance of infiltrates.	2
Surgical decompression was initially considered and then deferred in favor of observation.	2
Although bacterial keratitis occurs rarely after refractive surgery, patients should be informed of the potential risk for visual loss caused by this infection.	2
This evidence admonishes against the prolonged use of these drugs in non-fatal disorders.	2
This trial was designed to evaluate intraarticular delivery of a tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha) antagonist, through an adeno-associated virus (AAV) type 2 delivery system, for inflammatory arthritis.	2
Patients may also experience delirium as part of their underlying medical conditions.	2
In North America, the adult tapeworm of Taenia (Multiceps) serialis is found in canids.	2
When renal function is compromised, careful monitoring of electrolyte levels, daily urine output, and renal function is necessary with mannitol therapy.	2
Clinicians should be aware of this potential adverse effect of a widely used drug.	2
Adverse reactions reported during cimetidine therapy were generally mild to moderate in severity and required discontinuance of therapy in only one patient.	2
It is suggested that the hypermagnesemia directly suppressed PTH secretion, resulting in symptomatic hypocalcemia.	2
However, after a few months of treatment, apomorphine was ineffective in stopping abnormal movements, even when doses were increased.	2
All of them had the obstructive type of HCM (HOCM).	2
The patient was a 24-years-old male referred to the OPD Clinic at Zare Psychiatry Hospital in 2007 with symptoms of delusion of control, delusion of persecution, delusion of somatic and auditory hallucination, for the last year.	2
One victim was hospitalized.	2
A 32 year old man with chronic severe asthma, requiring maintenance oral corticosteroids, was started on a weekly dose of methotrexate.	2
We describe three HIV-infected patients who were given MTX for severe psoriatic arthritis.	2
A healthy 62-year-old woman was referred to our dermatology department with a 1-month history of a pruritic axillary eruption.	2
In addition, the optimized use of new technologies designed to augment spontaneous breathing efforts by patients, mechanical ventilation, as well as the advantages of early tracheotomy will contribute to better outcomes in the treatment of respiratory failure due to pulmonary mycoses following allogeneic HSCT.	2
The ninth patient stopped taking the preparation immediately because of swollen nasal mucosae.	2
Hepatic Sinusoidal Obstruction Syndrome in a child after chemotherapy for medulloblastoma.	2
To our knowledge, this is the first report of a bacterial corneal ulcer associated with use of a rigid gas-permeable contact lens on an extended-wear basis.	2
Awareness of the various potential gastrointestinal toxic effects of bortezomib is of relevance given the growing number of patients undergoing treatment with this important and effective new cancer drug.	2
Hypersexuality with antiparkinsonian therapy.	2
Low serum Na+ and hypoosmolality in the absence of volume depletion, clinically manifest edema, and unaltered renal, adrenal, cardiac, or thyroid function suggest that this antiarrhythmic drug produced the syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion (SIADH).	2
In turn, it may cause inflammation in such rapidly dividing tissues as the corneal epithelium, conjunctiva, and tear duct.	2
We report on a 14-year-old boy with acute lymphoblastic leukemia (lymphoma-leukemia) who had two episodes of acute tumor lysis syndrome during induction of remission with oral prednisolone alone and oral prednisolone, intravenous vincristine, and doxorubicin, respectively.	2
The management of genitourinary malacoplakia in renal transplant recipients has been unsatisfactory previously, as evidenced by an unacceptably high rate of graft loss and mortality.	2
This occurred after the first cycle of cisplatin and then again after the second cycle.	2
SETTING: France.	2
A 17-year-old anuric female patient with end-stage renal failure received a massive overdose of vancomycin and was treated with high-flux hemodiafiltration, as described in this report.	2
Therefore, both patients received repeated courses of rituximab, an anti-CD20 monoclonal antibody, in combination with irradiated DLI.	2
Finally, the World Health Organization (WHO) announced a "drug alert" on halofantrine advising a change in recommendations for its use.	2
This case report confirms highly efficient inhibition of alcohol dehydrogenase by fomepizole, as well as demonstrate the safety of fomepizole in a patient already exhibiting end-organ retinal toxicity.	2
We also review the literature on similar cases and on the safety of ECT with muscle relaxation in this condition.	2
The rash progressed to TEN in 7 days, and she was transferred to a burn treatment center.	2
This reports presents two cases of hypercontractile heart failure during beta-agonist treatment in very low birthweight (VLBW) infants.	2
Etanercept is being tried in patients with congestive heart failure, where TNF-a seems to be increased.	2
Mycophenolate mofetil in a dose of 1.0-2.0 g/day was given in 2 patients with severe refractory myasthenia gravis and in 1 patient with myasthenia gravis-polymyositis syndrome.	2
Accidental ingestion (five episodes) and suicidal attempts (three episodes) accounted for these visits.	2
During repeat transesophageal atrial pacing for recurrent SVT, ventricular fibrillation occurred.	2
A striking feature of the neoplasms was cholestasis.	2
Our diagnosis was tuberculosis-related visual loss, which could be due to neuroretinitis, intraocular tuberculosis or chiasmal tuberculoma.	2
Methadone is recommended as being free of some of the neuropsychological side effects noticed with morphine, which are attributed to active metabolites.	2
Eventually she showed apneic spells and hyperglycemia.	2
The increasing incidence of both atrial fibrillation and colon cancer with age could potentially require the concomitant use of 5-FU, levamisole, and warfarin.	2
The ECG remained normal.	2
Effects of aprotinin on hemorrhagic complications in ARDS patients during prolonged extracorporeal CO2 removal.	2
L-asparaginase, an enzyme with established antileukemic activity, increases the induction rate and duration of remission of acute lymphoblastic leukemia when added to vincristine and prednisone for induction therapy.	2
In the first two infants there was a documented deficiency of vitamin D, but in the second two adequate supplementation was achieved.	2
Treatment of periodontal disease in a patient with Turner's syndrome.	2
The ECG showed a coved ST-segment elevation in the right precordial leads V1-V3, a pattern mimicking BS.	2
Herein we reported a case of reactivation of sarcoidosis occurring during the treatment of chronic hepatitis C, and we present a literature review of other centers' experiences with this problem.	2
A worsening of ritualistic behavior was noted, and the clomipramine dosage was increased to 150 mg/d over 14 days.	2
Limited documentation of this adverse effect exists in the literature.	2
Dysphagia, though uncommon, can be quite debilitating and can mimic a paraneoplastic syndrome.	2
This patient's wound care regimen began with silver sulfadiazine and wet-to-dry dressings, modified to initial cleansing with a zinc-saline solution, followed with application of a zinc-saline wet dressing, impregnated with an aluminum hydroxide ointment.	2
His chemotherapy consisted of doxorubicin HCL, bleomycin, dacarbazine, and vinblastine, with prophylactic administration of a granulocyte colony stimulating factor.	2
Further doses were required as the respiratory depression recurred.	2
Direct biopsy of this mass revealed a large B-cell lymphoma.	2
A case of steroid induced exophthalmos in a patient with systemic lupus erythematosus with renal involvement is described.	2
Clinical, laboratory, serologic, and histologic data of all three cases were analyzed.	2
The patient's visual acuity was 6/20 (non-corrected) in the right eye and 6/10 (-1.75/-1.00 x 91) in the left.	2
When his carbamazepine concentration returned to previous levels, seizure control was not reestablished.	2
Aortic perforation complicating carcinoma of the oesophagus is extremely uncommon.	2
BACKGROUND: Opioid based cough mixtures are readily available to the public and are generally used safely.	2
Bacteremia due to Enterococcus avium.	2
Although treatment for this syndrome remains controversial and relies heavily on anecdotal evidence, the progression of hepatic injury may be prevented by the addition of N-AC.	2
Patients in the intensive care unit seldom have mechanical small-bowel obstruction, and obstruction due to medication bezoars is even less common.	2
A thorough hematologic examination revealed von Willebrand's disease, which the patient was not aware of.	2
BACKGROUND: Serotonin syndrome (SS) and neuroleptic malignant syndrome (NMS) are medical emergencies associated with psychotropic administration.	2
Tumor necrosis factor (TNF) alpha inhibitors are effective in the treatment of inflammatory rheumatic diseases.	2
Five days after discontinuation of this medication his mental status returned to normal.	2
The clinical course was favorable and the patient achieved full hepatic recovery 3 months after the hepatic failure was detected.	2
METHODS: Three infants were treated with clobetasol propionate (Temovate) cream for vision-threatening eyelid hemangiomas.	2
Six received intra-arterial alteplase and 1 underwent intracranial angioplasty; in a final patient, technical aspects prevented intra-arterial therapy.	2
It has also been associated on occasion with malignancy.	2
Since its release in the United States market in 1996, few cases of fatal acute intoxication have been reported in the literature.	2
To determine the effects of reversible medical castration on prostatic size in patients with benign prostatic hypertrophy (BPH), 3 patients with BPH were treated with a GnRH analogue, leuprolide, for six months at a dosage of .2ml (1 mg) s.c. daily.	2
It is the most prescribed antineoplastic drug in the world, with approximately 10 million women-use-years of experience.	2
These results suggest the feasibility and effectiveness of multicyclic DI-CT and the usefulness of ABPCT as a treatment option for relapsed SCLC.	2
Although free of disease, the patient has a subcortical dementia and is unable to work.	2
DESIGN: Retrospective case review.	2
He had a convex facial profile with a remarkably steep mandibular plane angle and large gonial angle.	2
There was initial clinical deterioration while in vitro data indicating that the organism was sensitive to vancomycin with a minimum inhibitory concentration of 0.5 micrograms/ml.	2
Here, we report another such case.	2
An attempt also was made through case analysis to examine the association between dynamic aspects of personality and adverse drug effect.	2
After an initial diagnosis of atypical eating disorder, an upper gastrointestinal study revealed superior mesenteric artery syndrome.	2
Emergency compartmental pressure measurement may indicate fasciotomy, can be of great interest.	2
No complications of the intravitreal injections were noted.	2
Opioid-related narcosis in a woman with myopathy receiving magnesium.	2
This delivery system, however, carries with it an intrinsic morbidity warranting attention in the often prolonged chemotherapy regimens demanded by cancer patients.	2
The patient tolerated the chemotherapy well and did not develop any skin or nail changes during that period of time.	2
The T315I BCR-ABL mutation mediates resistance to imatinib, nilotinib, and dasatinib.	2
Assuming that maintenance therapy is necessary for optimal efficacy, the issue of BCG toxicity becomes more relevant.	2
The patient experienced over a 10-month period, signs and symptoms suggestive of metabolic toxicity marked by bouts of gastrointestinal distress, low-grade fever, incoordination, and disorientation.	2
F VIII concentrate was given concomitantly (50 IU/kg bw twice daily) during the initial phase of treatment.	2
We report a t(4;11)(p12;q23) with rearrangement of MLL and FRYL (also known as AF4p12), a human homolog to the furry gene of Drosophila, in an adult patient with therapy-related AML after fludarabine and rituximab therapy for small lymphocytic lymphoma and radiation therapy for breast carcinoma.	2
Serial computed tomographic scans of the brain disclosed this uncommon phenomenon.	2
Despite effective treatment with high-dose trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole and steroids, morbidity is often severe and lethality remains high.	2
The difference between infliximab and etanercept in viral reactivation may be linked to the pharmacologic difference of each medication.	2
We present a case of documented N. sicca peritonitis immediately following an episode of Staphylococcus aureus peritonitis in a pediatric chronic peritoneal dialysis (CPD) patient.	2
IFN-alpha therapy was suspended and a treatment with l-T4 started.	2
Alopecia and hair loss are rare side effects of psychotropic drugs.	2
Yoga neuropathy.	2
CONCLUSION: It is possible that pseudophakic eyes that develop intense conjunctival hyperemia associated with ocular hypotensive lipids might be at higher risk for developing cystoid macula edema.	2
Careful clinical and hematological monitoring should be performed, especially for the first 3 months, in patients beginning treatment with Pentasa.	2
Cessation of MTX therapy led to complete regression of the tumor.	2
During IFN therapy, serum aminotransferases fell within the normal range and viremia (serum HCV-RNA) became negative after one year.	2
RESULT: Additional investigation revealed duodenal villous atrophy and positivity for anti-endomysium and anti-gliadin antibodies.	2
Barbiturates offer a mechanism of action that is different from that of benzodiazepines.	2
Unintentional ingestion of bupropion in young children has generally resulted in limited toxicity.	2
We describe the implications of these cases for the use of immunomodulatory therapy in CD and the questionable association between CD and lymphoma.	2
Awareness of this unusual entity will help to avoid misdiagnosis of malignancy or unnecessary thoracotomy.	2
Growth hormone insufficiency in a girl with the autoimmune polyendocrinopathy-candidiasis-ectodermal dystrophy.	2
OBJECTIVE: To propose a new hypothesis regarding the possible role of glucocorticoid excess in patients with an extended acute illness, based on a patient's presentation and therapy in a critical care situation.	2
Fludarabine monophosphate, a purine analogue is used in the treatment of lymphoid malignancies.	2
Molluscum contagiosum is a common viral skin infection in children with atopic diathesis and not rare in HIV patients.	2
RESULTS: Discontinuation of corticotherapy led to anatomic and visual improvement.	2
One of these patients showed pyramidal features and subsequently developed an optic neuropathy and pigmentary retinopathy.	2
Ketorolac in reflex sympathetic dystrophy.	2
Liver function tests (LFT) returned to normal within five days of hospitalization but she continued to develop daily fevers.	2
We describe a patient in whom impressive hypoglycemia developed following treatment with this agent.	2
One of the cases reviewed went to jury trial and the record of that case is in the public domain.	2
About 44% of the patients had gastric adenocarcinoma, and 82% had received mitomycin C.	2
Though a considerable number of such lesions are cutaneous in origin, melanoma has rarely been reported.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Patients most commonly affected by ICD, such as pathologic gambling and hypersexuality, are males who develop PD at a younger age, and those with a previous history of mood disorder, alcohol abuse, or obsessive-compulsive disorder.	2
Besides those manifestations, the patient also showed mucocutaneous lesions that were both clinically and histologically indistinguishable from those of pustular psoriasis.	2
This avoids the need for bronchoscopic examination or transfer of the patient for computed tomography.	2
This mode of therapy was effective in treating severe gingival hyperplasia in a patient receiving systemic androgen therapy.	2
HBsAg seroconversion was achieved after an additional 12 months.	2
They are generally well tolerated and have not been significantly implicated in renal toxicity.	2
Clinical and laboratory manifestations resolved after cessation of methysergide therapy.	2
A diagnosis of visceral varicella-zoster disease was made, and early intravenous ACV therapy successfully alleviated the epigastric pain and skin lesions within 2 weeks.	2
The finding of decreased lymphocyte Mg and potassium contents proved the existence of cellular Mg depletion associated with normal serum Mg levels in five patients and with hypomagnesemia in the other two.	2
METHODS: A 55-year-old man had diabetes with unilateral rubeosis and macular edema.	2
Bone marrow biopsy showed a moderately hypocellular marrow; 51% of the nucleated cells were blasts with myelomonocytic differentiation.	2
Chryseobacterium indologenes was isolated from the blood cultures of an oncological patient with a totally implantable device.	2
We report three cases of ehrlichiosis in pediatric oncology patients, one of whom was a stem cell transplant recipient.	2
The scant literature available on nonpigmenting fixed drug eruptions is reviewed.	2
One patient died with myeloid leukemia at 43.5 months after initial treatment.	2
Transient visual anomalies associated with drug treatment for spastic colon.	2
He developed an inferior corneal epithelial defect and, later, a well-demarcated area of inferior corneal keratinization.	2
Use of these combinations should be closely monitored.	2
We describe eight episodes of reversible acute renal deterioration in five patients with ADPKD, massive renal involvement, and chronic renal insufficiency.	2
Angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors and angiotensin receptor blockers in hypertension due to primary aldosteronism: a case for exclusion.	2
Classification included dry (7%), mild (48%), moderate (39%), and severe (6%).	2
RESULTS: Chemotherapy-induced HUS was aggressively treated with plasmapheresis, high-dose steroids, vincristine and rituximab.	2
Nine children with airway obstructing hemangiomas were managed with corticosteroid therapy for durations of 6 weeks to 17 months.	2
METHODS: On the basis of two cases, the clinical picture is described in relation to the available literature.	2
An initial dose of intraventricular vancomycin should take into account volume of distribution (ventricular size) to obtain a peak cerebrospinal fluid concentration of 20 to 30 micrograms/mL.	2
OBJECTIVE: To describe the use of botulinum toxin injection of the lacrimal gland for palliative treatment of epiphora secondary to canalicular obstruction from docetaxel therapy.	2
The vacuum-assisted wound closure technique and device (the V.A.C.) has become a widely accepted technique in the management of chronic and difficult wounds.	2
CASE SUMMARY: We report a case of a 73-year-old postmenopausal woman with stage T2N0M0 breast cancer.	2
On followup, the patient reported disappearance of symptoms.	2
Diagnostic procedures aimed to explain lower leg edema are not uncommon in the age group of women suffering from climacteric and menopausal symptoms.	2
Although uncommon, exogenous lipoid pneumonia (ELP) should be considered when patients present with this symptom complex.	2
RESULTS: The in vitro hemodialysis model showed that ifosfamide was cleared with an extraction ratio of 86.7+/-0.5% and remained constant even at low concentrations of drug.	2
DISCUSSION: Drug-induced LABD is a variant of classic or idiopathic LABD.	2
The authors treated two children with Gilles de la Tourette's disease and one child with a probable combination of Gilles de la Tourette's disease and minimal brain dysfunction with methylphenidate, which resulted in exacerbation of symptoms.	2
The unusually though potentially life-threatening possibility of heart failure secondary to anti-TNF use in ankylosing spondylitis merits attention.	2
DGTX concentrations were determined after protein precipitation (release of FAB-bound and protein-bound DGTX) in unprocessed serum and urine samples, and after aliquots of these samples had been dialysed in vitro against DGTX-free buffer (elimination of DGTX not bound to FAB).	2
Data are presented to show that atopic cataracts and corticosteroids.	2
There have been few reports, however, which have investigated a challenge with clozapine in patients previously showing eosinophilia.	2
No life-threatening situations occurred and the patient fully recovered.	2
This study is based on the neuropathological and systemic findings among 225 liver, 101 heart, 40 lung, 28 heart-lung, 74 kidney and 32 bone marrow transplants.	2
These observations have been reflected in postmarketing clinical experience, leading to recommendations that novel antipsychotics, such as sertindole, should be prescribed to first-episode patients.	2
Botulinum therapy was discontinued and nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory medication markedly reduced the new symptoms, which completely resolved within 3 months.	2
Our case report highlights the need to remain alert for unusual manifestations of syphilis in immunosuppressed patients.	2
Anticoagulant theraphy was started.	2
In all four cases, pain and erythema resolved within 2 days; in no case did tissue necrosis or skin ulceration occur.	2
IgG1 and IgG4 were the predominant IgG subclasses in the glomerular deposits.	2
CASE PRESENTATION: A 46-year-old man consulted his doctor due to symptoms of depression.	2
The abscess was surgically drained, the IUD removed, and a prolonged course of amoxycillin/clavulanic acid given.	2
Relapse-free survival of the responding patients was 24 and 20 months.	2
Hereditary angio-oedema is rare and potentially life-threatening, being characterised by recurrent episodes of perioral or laryngeal oedema.	2
The patient had received methotrexate alone for more than 10 years without any signs of severe liver damage.	2
Post-transplant lymphoproliferative disorder (PTLD) in the central nervous system (CNS) has a poor prognosis.	2
A total of 311 patients (35.5%) had at least one small intestinal resection.	2
CONCLUSION: Our investigations indicated that oxaliplatin interacted with both an IgG antibody and a RBC membrane epitope probably located on the Band 3 anion channel.	2
The infant improved clinically under intravenous hydration therapy, nevertheless lithium serum levels increased again and we did not know for certain if our clinical instinct or the actual figures were correct.	2
The propensity of this disease to simulate gynecological malignancies has been described previously.	2
Successful use of oral ganciclovir for the treatment of intrauterine cytomegalovirus infection in a renal allograft recipient.	2
On postoperative day 114, however, he was diagnosed with recurrent CMV infection.	2
It may also be prudent to screen for electrolyte abnormalities in patients taking this agent to prevent serious iatrogenic complications.	2
METHOD: Onset, course, and outcome of the patient's eye disease were analyzed.	2
We examined the effect of total parathyroidectomy (PTX) on renal anemia in 20 dialysis patients with secondary hyperparathyroidism.	2
Statins are associated with a small, dose-related risk of myopathy, myositis, and rhabdomyolysis.	2
Awareness of this unusual side-effect may prevent needless investigation and therapy.	2
For the treatment of the latter, early peritoneal dialysis is recommended for in utero exposure to captopril and enalapril, although the outcome is poor.	2
This case shows a combined mechanism of DME resolution by anti VEGF and PHD.	2
We report the case of a 54-year old man with decompensated alcoholic liver cirrhosis and HIV infection who underwent liver transplantation (LT).	2
The patient developed Leuconostoc bacteremia secondary to peritonitis, 60 d after undergoing liver transplantation.	2
In both cases, hypoglycemia due to oral antidiabetics was not seen.	2
Standard pretransfusion testing was uncomplicated; however, after infusion, the serum was no longer compatible with the transfused units and a strong (4+) panreactive IgG antibody was detected.	2
We aimed to report a case with rhabdomyolysis related to hyponatremia and/or its correction.	2
No evidence of myocardial infarction was detected.	2
Treatment of caffeine toxicity with esmolol.	2
Acarbose, an alpha-glucosidase inhibitor, has been used sporadically in adults after gastric surgery, but only once in children.	2
This study examines if gadolinium can be removed by frequent exchanges by peritoneal dialysis (PD).	2
We also review evidence that the risk of this complication is substantially lower with the newer nonergot dopamine agonists.	2
The results were judged to be good in 36.6% of the cases, moderate in 36.6% and poor in 26.7% of the cases.	2
Complete remission was obtained in 4 (57%) and partial remission in 3 (42.8%) of 7 evaluable patients.	2
In 1 patient, pericardial effusion associated with a pseudoaneurysm was discovered in the operating room.	2
Drug interactions and neutralizations as well as dietary factors contributed to a complicated course.	2
There was no statistically significant difference between the incidence of the total CNS complications among the different organ transplant groups (p value > 0.10), but there was a statistically significant difference in the systemic complications among the organ transplant groups (p value < 0.001).	2
In this review, we summarize the available evidence regarding the safety and efficacy of using the anticonvulsants carbamazepine and valproic acid during pregnancy.	2
Most alternative remedies have not been adequately studied or proven effective for the diseases for which they are promoted.	2
Drug eruption was diagnosed in a 4-year-old German Shepherd Dog being treated with sulfonamides for vertebral osteomyelitis due to infection with Nocardia spp.	2
Immunosuppressant as well as antistreptococcal therapy in the form of cyclophosphamide and clindamycin was of help.	2
In this report, we present a rare case of gastro-duodenal ulcer following selective internal radiation therapy (SIRT).	2
Further study revealed that all three patients had low plasma renin activity and nonsuppresible plasma aldosterone levels after saline infusion.	2
Since the patient was immunosuppressed with etanercept and since the uveitis was granulomatous we considered tuberculosis as a possible etiology.	2
Analysis of the HLA system revealed the positivity of locus DR5, associated with classical KS.	2
BACKGROUND: The calcitonin is an hormone produced by the thyroid gland C cells.	2
The current literature regarding the role of antibiotic prophylaxis in dermatological procedures is discussed along with the issues surrounding this patient.	2
Twenty-six months later, the patient is disease-free but continues to require pancreatic enzyme supplements.	2
The unmedicated eye remains asymptomatic to date.	2
Intravenous levodopa 25 mg ameliorated his akathisia symptoms drastically.	2
The patient recovered without persisting somatic impairment.	2
The patient presented with headache, left facial and orbital pain, nasal discharge, and elevation of serum creatinine 18 months after kidney transplantation.	2
Further investigation into the utility and safety of dual therapy with an ACE inhibitor plus an ARB in pediatric patients is warranted.	2
Neurological examination revealed bilateral ptosis, and complete external opthalmoplegia with normal pupillary and corneal reflexes.	2
Seventeen days earlier, she had received a prescription for topical econazole lotion 1% to be applied 3 times daily for 1 month to treat a dermatitis affecting 12% of the body surface.	2
(1) Before PTX, 13 of these patients were not treated with erythropoietin (EPO) while the remaining 7 patients received EPO therapy.	2
Diagnostic workup included repeated MRI scans, PET with an (18)F-amino acid and (18)F-fluorodeoxyglucose (FDG), as well as a brain biopsy.	2
HAART consisted of Lamivudine, Stavudine, Lopinavir and Ritonavir.	2
Somatostatin analogues are safe and generally well tolerated.	2
Further research into the mechanism of IFN related cutaneous side effects is needed.	2
Although lymphomas are known to emerge in the setting of immunosuppressive therapy, it has not been well described or established for the newer biologic immune response modifiers.	2
There was no reaction associated with thioridazine and/or haloperidol.	2
Blood samples were taken after clarithromycin coadministration and at 1 and 4 weeks after its discontinuation.	2
This is a diagnosis that should be considered in patients with prostate cancer who present with hip pain in the absence of biochemical evidence of disease progression.	2
Compared with anthracyclines and taxanes, the interval from the completion of radiation therapy to the initiation of chemotherapy is less for gemcitabine (median time of 56 days for gemcitabine, compared with 218 days for the taxanes and 646 days for doxorubicin).	2
Later, more careful research showed that they are not directly associated with the antipsychotic activity of neuroleptic agents.	2
Removal of gadolinium by peritoneal dialysis.	2
This complication typically appears within the first days or weeks after initiation of therapy.	2
Dermatologists need to be aware of this potential serious reaction to this phenobarbital-containing therapy for hot flashes.	2
Despite significant improvement, extended plastic surgery was necessary for facial reconstruction.	2
Mucositis should be added to the list of conditions in which succinylcholine is contraindicated.	2
The lesions in the other two dogs resolved within 3 weeks to 3 months following discontinuation of the antibiotic.	2
Acquired internal mammary artery to pulmonary artery fistula following bypass surgery.	2
We present a patient who had a superior sagittal sinus thrombosis in addition to his PDPH.	2
The long-term therapy necessary to eradicate the Mycobacterium tuberculosis organism makes economic considerations important.	2
Recombinant growth factors appear not to help in shortening the neutropenic period.	2
BACKGROUND: We report our experience with two patients with adult onset of chickenpox in the setting of longstanding steroid therapy for nephrotic syndrome.	2
Herein, in addition to a comprehensive literature review of this entity, three additional patients are presented.	2
Only a few cases of candidal abscess of the pancreas have been reported, none of them having occurred after an ERCP.	2
Corneal edema resolves if sufficient endothelial cell viability is still present after resolution of ushaar keratitis.	2
Successful treatment of acute dapsone intoxication using charcoal hemoperfusion.	2
As the patient's pulse rate increased, the symptoms of congestive heart failure disappeared.	2
All three cases demonstrate that hyperosmolar hyperglycemic nonketotic coma is a serious potential complication of systemic steroidal therapy, even in a short course of treatment such as is often used in ophthalmology.	2
There is no effective monitoring to prevent this side effect.	2
We found that positive biopsies are usual only if the duration of symptoms have been allowed to persist for more than 6 months.	2
The patient's disease involved the palate, nose and sinuses, and had been unresponsive to conventional therapy.	2
Intrasellar and parasellar tumors made manifest by hormonal influences of pregnancy may become more common as treatment of infertility becomes more refined and successful.	2
Subsequent studies have not shown convincing evidence for a strong association with beta-blocker use and depression.	2
An analysis of the literature shows that perfusion, usually combined with excision, seems to give definitely better results than surgical excision alone.	2
Reaccumulation of hemothorax occurred over the 48 hours following drain removal, necessitating insertion of a second drain, which removed 1400 mL of blood-stained fluid.	2
Though the relationship between asbestos exposure and malignant mesothelioma is firmly established, the relationship between asbestos exposure and lymphoma remains to be investigated.	2
Urokinase treatment of neonatal aortoiliac thrombosis caused by umbilical artery catheterization: a case report.	2
This case report describes the diagnostic workup in a child with anaplastic ependymoma and inconclusive MRI (magnetic resonance imaging) and PET (positron emission tomography) findings.	2
Additional typical findings were the high excretion of adipic acid, suberic acid, and 4-octen-1,8-dicarboxylic acid demonstrating the enhanced capacity of omega-oxidation in fatty acid oxidation.	2
Our observation suggests that corticosteroid therapy may be beneficial in some patients with CE.	2
One patient had to discontinue GBP.	2
Adalimumab may be effective for the treatment of PPP.	2
We suggest that irinotecan offers an effective treatment option for children with recurrent brain stem glioma and other genetic variants except UGT1A1 may be a risk factor for irinotecan-induced toxicity.	2
In this study, we report the development of severe autologous GVHD in five patients who underwent HPCT for multiple myeloma.	2
'Bail-out' bivalirudin use in patients with thrombotic complications unresponsive to conventional treatment during percutaneous coronary intervention.	2
Complete regression of the CIN was observable after 60 days of therapy.	2
Dose related growth response to indometacin in Gitelman syndrome.	2
Three relevant cases are reported and a review of the published literature is made.	2
However our case report demonstrates that early and aggressive treatment with haemofiltration can improve outcomes even in the presence of severe acidosis.	2
Perospirone has a uniquely high affinity for serotonin-1A receptors, and it could be speculated that perospirone, as a serotonin-1A receptor agonist combined with SDA, may have greater efficacy for treatment-refractory symptoms of schizophrenia.	2
Caution should be taken when designing estrogen-related experiments involving Brown Norway rats and other potentially sensitive strains.	2
Neurological presentation of Wilson's disease in a patient after liver transplantation.	2
Drug related crisis in myasthenia gravis.	2
This was later confirmed by the patient.	2
Bronchoalveolar lavage (BAL) may be used to rule out infectious etiologies, and an increase in BAL fluid eosinophils is suggestive of drug-induced toxicity.	2
Although a potential interaction between propafenone and SSRIs has been noted, a MEDLINE search revealed no published reports of an interaction between propafenone and citalopram.	2
Initial pulse oximetry on room air was 72% and improved minimally with supplemented oxygen.	2
The main objective of this report is to compare and contrast the type and frequency of neuropathological findings following liver, heart, lung, heart-lung, kidney and bone marrow transplantation and to provide an overview of the major systemic complications in patients that received allografts.	2
Relevant literature data are discussed.	2
We report a case of symphysitis causing hospitalization and severe pain and discomfort of the patient.	2
We treated her hyperthyroidism with amiodarone (average daily dose, 200 mg) for 3 weeks, achieving rapid and persistent euthyroidism, (triiodothyronine [T(3)] levels ranged between 64 and 109 ng/dL) without side effects.	2
It is a cumulative dose-dependent phenomenon reported to occur most often after 2 weeks of therapy.	2
Secondary acute myelocytic leukemia after adjuvant therapy for early-stage breast carcinoma.	2
We propose that the reactions may represent local manifestations of heightened delayed hypersensitivity, mounted by increasing numbers of 'resuscitated' lymphocytes against immunogenic cell wall substances released from dying tubercle bacilli in patients whose level of cellular immunity is being enhanced as a result of chemotherapy.	2
The reactive process included an infiltrative superficial dermatitis and a mural folliculitis with prevalent participation of macrophages and lymphocytes.	2
Fresh frozen plasma had no apparent effect on aPTT values.	2
Brain MRI revealed lesions in the thalamus and the brainstem, particularly the tegmentum, and the basis pontis in addition to the basal ganglion lesions.	2
SETTING: Hospital.	2
He became unconscious and inhaled noxious substances from the smoke.	2
Systemic drug toxicity is unusual when FUdR is given via HAI, and neurologic toxicity has not previously been reported.	2
This case provides an opportunity to discuss the difficulty of managing two potentially mortal conditions in which the treatment of pemphigus vulgaris may exacerbate the disseminated cryptococcal infection.	2
The withdrawal of MMI and early treatment with 5 microg/kg per day recombinant human granulocyte colony-stimulating factor (G-CSF) for 9 days, allowed a favorable recovery of peripheral blood cell count.	2
A 57-year-old male, known admitted for below knee amputation, with infection and gangrene of the left foot.	2
In this case, an evaluation for organism-specific pathology led to early identification of a potentially curable large bowel lesion.	2
An upper gastrointestinal endoscopy revealed reflux esophagitis and the patient was given 20 mg b.i.d. omeprazole.	2
Upon admission, all home medications, including pantoprazole, were reinitiated based on the patient's medication list.	2
The patient could be disconnected from the ventilator and within <24 h was extubated.	2
This is in contrast to similar symptoms reported by only 8 percent of a control population.	2
In conclusion, patients older than 60 years should have baseline electrolyte measurements before starting therapy with an antidepressant, and these should be monitored not only in the first weeks of treatment, but throughout the full course.	2
The vitreous body of an eviscerated eye was occupied by the non-specific granulomatous tissue, composed of fibroblast, plasma cells, and Sudan black staining positive foamy cells, including melaniferous phagocytes, identified as CD 68 positive macrophage.	2
Because of its selective action on B lymphocytes, it is considered a moderate immunosuppressant in terms of infection.	2
As part of the comprehensive treatment, strict reverse isolation and granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF) therapy were applied.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Any patient undergoing medical treatment for tuberculosis requires proper education concerning potential drug side effects.	2
In the following months, the clinical picture stabilized.	2
Quetiapine is a recently introduced atypical antipsychotic.	2
An apparently appropriate dose of intravenous phenytoin was initiated in each case, and the patients were monitored appropriately and given supplemental oxygen.	2
Delayed-onset multifocal keratitis is a rare complication of LASIK.	2
Such an occurrence presents a difficult challenge because cardiac function is compromised, the coagulation profile may be altered, the cerebral hematoma is life threatening, and intracranial hemostasis is difficult to achieve.	2
She subsequently had penetrating keratoplasty and lens extraction with IOL implantation in the right eye.	2
Over 2 months she had been drinking high doses of natural grapefruit juice which, combined with long-term colchicine therapy and a viral upper respiratory tract infection, increased her susceptibility to the drug.	2
I report a case of a previously healthy parturient who developed pneumocephalus and severe headache following the use of the loss of resistance to air (LORA) technique to identify the epidural space.	2
The patient died in 1995 March at the age of 29 years of sudden septic shock related to Pseudomonas aeruginosa infection.	2
When fentanyl was subsequently administered to treat her pain, the stridor resolved.	2
5: Movement disorders I: parkinsonism and the akinetic-rigid syndromes.	2
Twenty-six (of 40 successful) patients indicated that they favored the night-time regimen mainly because it was less complicated.	2
Intrathecal chemotherapy with methotrexate or cytosine arabinoside is the standard approach to prophylaxis and treatment of central nervous system leukemia in children.	2
Suppression of endogenous cortisol production and replacement with more physiologic concentrations of glucocorticoid were associated with clinical improvement and appeared to contribute to her recovery.	2
We describe herein the first two cases of Plesiomonas shigelloides continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis-related peritonitis.	2
Only one patient reported transient side effects.	2
RESULTS: The loss of subcutaneous tissue in the injection areas was demonstrated and measured by high-frequency ultrasound.	2
Each had angiographically documented bilateral high-grade stenosis or occlusion of the internal carotid arteries.	2
She had been treated without complications with six courses of docetaxel and trastuzumab in combination with dexamethasone with partial remission of disease.	2
We study three such patients who successfully converted to mycophenolate mofetil, and briefly examine the evidence behind this option.	2
Three weeks later he developed severe respiratory distress.	2
Drug induced acute parotitis is a very uncommon complication reported with a few drugs only.	2
The infiltrate disappeared within 6 weeks.	2
RESULTS: In one patient the rifampin-impregnated shunt system was implanted after external drainage to prevent further infection.	2
A case of drug-induced hypersensitivity syndrome showing transient immunosuppression before viral reactivation during treatment for pemphigus foliaceus.	2
One patient died suddenly during an exchange with FFP; the cause of death appeared related to microemboli of unknown nature found in the lungs at autopsy.	2
Liver biopsies taken while symptomatic showed portal fibrosis progressing to cirrhosis.	2
Chronic nausea and morphine-6-glucuronide.	2
Termination of pregnancy resulted in dramatic improvement in airflow.	2
The patient received bleomycin 189 U over five days for preoperative control of a squamous cell carcinoma of the right tongue and tonsil.	2
The replies indicate that, at least from the patient's viewpoint, this syndrome occurs frequently.	2
We suggest that the sagittal sinus thrombosis in this patient was caused by acquired, transient free protein S deficiency.	2
Total scaphoidectomy and appropriate antibiotic therapy eradicated the infection.	2
An extrapyramidal reaction was suspected and diphenhydramine 50 mg was administered without effect.	2
RMT and AMT were lower, MEP size was larger, ICI was decreased while ICF was slightly diminished during treatment.	2
Following recovery, the parathyroid glands were shown to respond normally to a phosphate load.	2
Thrombocytopenia has traditionally been associated with intermittent therapy.	2
RESULTS: We report the case of a patient treated with capecitabine and radiation for rectal adenocarcinoma.	2
If renin is low and plasma aldosterone fails to be suppressed by saline infusion, a trial of dexamethasone would seem indicated before other investigations are carried out.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Exposure to vanadium can cause a metal fume fever-like syndrome associated with neutrophilic alveolitis.	2
Once the diagnosis was made, he was treated with adrenaline and made a full recovery.	2
Her serum creatinine was elevated to 2.2 mg/dl (baseline 1.5 mg/dl), and trough tacrolimus level was markedly elevated (> 30 ng/ml).	2
A 73-year-old woman on topical pilocarpine and adrenaline for chronic simple glaucoma for three years presented with a mass in the medial canthus of the right eye.	2
The authors report a case of laryngeal necrosis after combination therapy for a patient with cervical lymph node metastases of nasopharyngeal carcinoma and review the literature on late laryngeal necrosis.	2
Untreated tumors displayed continued growth.	2
A 67-year-old man was admitted for management of a diabetic foot ulcer.	2
The histology of these lesions is characterized by intravascular thrombi.	2
No guidelines exist for calculating doses by either actual or ideal weight, and the calculated doses may vary by as much as 25%.	2
Mr. C. was less tired and had more energy following his first and subsequent courses of therapy.	2
Her primary care physician had earlier made a preliminary diagnosis of pertussis and prescribed a short course of azithromycin and corticosteroids, which did not help relieve the symptoms.	2
Patients did not show any local recurrence after 1 year.	2
PURPOSE: To evaluate the effects of steroid injections for periocular capillary hemangioma on adrenal function and body composition.	2
Biochemical, bacteriological and imaging studies were performed for specific diagnosis.	2
Terlipressin was discontinued, and the patient's QTc interval subsequently returned to baseline.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Atypical antipsychotic-induced diabetes does not always take a "type 2" presentation in which weight gain and insulin resistance are implicated.	2
They were both treated for stage IV neuroblastoma with chemotherapy, bone marrow transplant (BMT) conditioning that included total body irradiation and RA therapy after BMT, although the patient in case 1 had established renal insufficiency prior to the commencement of RA.	2
We suspected an opiate-induced suppression of the hypothalamus-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis.	2
The results of the histological study and chemical tests are reported, and the etiology and the pathogenesis are discussed on the basis of the pertinent literature.	2
A few limited literatures about this disease strongly recommends steroid therapy for treatment.	2
He underwent liver biopsy and biochemical screening to evaluate whether he would benefit from interferon (IFN) treatment.	2
Reviewing our experience with 19 cases of male breast cancer, we found two patients with a 12-year history of estrogen therapy for prostatic carcinoma.	2
The acyclovir levels measured by radioimmunoassay were related to the level of consciousness.	2
We describe a patient who developed 3 successive forms of joint manifestations: early HIV related arthralgias followed by drug related arthritis, and more recently by typical RA.	2
Successful therapy with intravenous streptokinase.	2
All patients recovered without sequels 3 to 6 months afterward.	2
It is entirely excreted through the renal system so this needs to be considered in any patient becoming acutely ill and developing renal failure.	2
The hypoadrenalism was overcome by increasing steroid replacement therapy.	2
The entity is likely more common than the paucity of reports in the world literature suggests, and all physicians should recognize its graphic appearance to avoid unnecessary exposure to agents in an effort to treat it.	2
In May 1996, as part of his routine antihepatitis B (hepB) vaccination plan, a 28-year-old HbsAg-negative man, hospital worker, received his first dose (20 microg) of a recombinant vaccine (EngerixB-B, Smith Kline and Beecham, Belgium), administered via deltoid injection.	2
Before ICU admission, the patient had suffered from painful mucositis causing severe dysphagia and bleeding, which was thought to be the result of chemotherapy.	2
On comparing the amino acid sequence of the index patient with the consensus sequence, five mutations were found at pre-S1, five at pre-S2 and twenty-three mutations at the S region.	2
In a MEDLINE search (1966 to present, English language, keywords: amniocentesis, chorioamnionitis), no report of Candida chorioamnionitis after serial reduction amniocentesis exists.	2
Over the next few days he showed rapid clinical improvement with normalization of his blood chemistries and he was discharged home after 5 days of hospitalization in good condition.	2
Switching patients from olanzapine SOT to olanzapine ODT treatment resulted in significant weight loss that was maintained during 12 months in both case reports.	2
The allograft function remained stable.	2
The manifestations of delirium tremens persisted with titration of a lorazepam infusion in excess of 40 mg/hour.	2
Adjuvant chemotherapy is frequently used for the treatment of early stage breast cancer, and to date there has been no increase in the incidence of secondary myelodysplastic syndromes or acute leukemia after cyclophosphamide-based regimens when compared with surgical controls.	2
Viral antigen was not detected at the end of or during 3 of the 5 treatment courses and decreased to a low level following the 2 other courses.	2
Histology showed pigment within dendritic cells, and extracellularly throughout the dermis.	2
The toxic effects of imatinib treatment are usually mild, and serious adverse events are rare.	2
CONCLUSION: A possible pharmacokinetic interaction between Dantrolene and Oxybutynin should be borne in mind when considering Carbamazepine medication for a patient with a spinal cord lesion.	2
The scleritis completely resolved after initiation of systemic corticosteroids.	2
Aspergillus fumigatus keratitis is a rare but serious complication of LASIK surgery.	2
Discontinuation of the Osmolite resulted in a prompt prolongation of the prothrombin time.	2
The case of a 31-year-old woman with headache, vomiting, generalized tonic-clonic seizure, and subsequent dense hemiplegia is presented.	2
Cultures of both the cerebrospinal fluid and aspirated liver abscess isolated MRSA.	2
Antiphospholipid syndrome is an autoimmune disease that is characterised by tendency to thrombosis, obstetrical and hematological complications.	2
Since November 1996, there has been a shortage of multivitamin infusion (MVI).	2
A 31-year-old female was found to have FIGO Stage IIB squamous cell carcinoma of the cervix.	2
Pisa syndrome in a cohort of Alzheimer's disease patients.	2
We postulate that ITB withdrawal may be a form of serotonergic syndrome that occurs from loss of gamma-aminobutyric acid B receptor-mediated presynaptic inhibition of serotonin.	2
He presented with multiple masses in the right lobe of the liver and a metastasis in the left adrenal gland.	2
Pancytopenia is already present in GD patients and it is reasonable to expect an increased risk of hematological toxicity in treating solid tumors in these patients.	2
Pedunculopontine nucleus stimulation induces monocular oscillopsia.	2
We, therefore, recommend a trial of HU for thalassemia intermedia patients in whom chronic transfusion therapy is being contemplated.	2
The persistence of free steroid secretion with decreased formation of DS suggests that the o,p'-DDD may have altered sulfatase activity before causing tumor necrosis and total decrease in steroidogenesis.	2
Three of the dogs died.	2
The occurrence of additional signs and symptoms should alert the clinician to the presence of intracranial pathology.	2
Fulminant malignant hyperthermia associated with ketoacidotic diabetic coma.	2
Acanthamoeba keratitis related to cosmetic contact lenses.	2
Both patients responded to intravenous meropenem and subsequently had uneventful marrow engraftment.	2
Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors and benzodiazepines appear to be the most common pharmacologic treatment approaches.	2
Histamine poisoning on ingestion of tuna fish.	2
Six weeks after PDT, a concentric area of RPE atrophy was clearly visible on fluorescein angiogram.	2
Following overdose either agent can affect the central nervous and cardiovascular systems, inducing arrhythmias, conduction disturbances and hypotension.	2
Positive reaction were obtained to captopril at 4 days and the others test being negative.	2
CONCLUSION: TLS is an uncommon, but potentially life-threatening, complication in melanoma and other solid tumors.	2
A stage Va B-cell multicentric lymphoma was diagnosed on clinical, cytological (lymph node, bone marrow), histological-immunohistochemical (lymph node excision) and imaging grounds.	2
Decrease of TTKG was possibly the result of suppressed K+ secretion.	2
Healthcare providers and members of the public should be aware of the potential adverse effects of these remedies.	2
Microangiopathic hemolytic anemia (MAHA) is a late but fatal complication in advanced cancers (cancer-associated).	2
Invasive aspergillosis of the spine is a rare and typically occurred in terminal patients.	2
Majocchi's granuloma of the face in an immunocompetent patient.	2
Biopsy specimens showed atypical lymphoid cell infiltration.	2
An embolic mechanism of stroke was suspected in this patient, considering the normal results of blood analysis, echocardiogram and cerebral arteriograms.	2
Reactivation histoplasmosis after treatment with anti-tumor necrosis factor alpha in a patient from a nonendemic area.	2
Two of them had acute myeloid leukemia and four had lymphoblastic leukemia.	2
We describe the first case of a Chinese liver transplant recipient with PVB19-induced PRCA during immunosuppressive therapy.	2
Antihistone antibodies, lupus anticoagulant and anticardiolipin antibodies were negative.	2
Although there have been reports of this occurrence, there have been no reports of this overlap syndrome treated with immunomodulators.	2
A case of disseminated Aspergillus terreus infection in a patient with prolonged neutropenia after stem cell transplant for myeloma is reported.	2
Report of two cases with evidence from serial computed tomographic brain scans.	2
She rapidly recovered with omission of dapsone and therapy with systemic corticosteroids and a topical emollient.	2
The cause of death was determined to be multiple drug intoxication.	2
Prolongation of the QT interval associated with ventricular arrhythmias has been the most common cause of the restriction or withdrawal of drugs from the market in the past 10 years.	2
Patients should be informed of the risk of septic arthritis.	2
The treatment of paracetamol overdose with charcoal haemoperfusion and cysteamine.	2
Two months after the start of the therapy, parathyroid hormone (PTH) decreased significantly and the skin lesions nearly disappeared.	2
An additional feature peculiar to these 2 cases was the presence of unexplained extramedullary hematopoiesis.	2
Her best-corrected visual acuity was 0.9 in the right (RE) and 1.0 in the left eye (LE).	2
This series includes a case of bilateral thrombosis of the internal and external jugular veins in the 7th gestational week in a twin pregnancy after OHSS and ICSI, with termination of the pregnancy in the 9th gestational week due to progressive thrombosis during anticoagulation therapy.	2
The final pathologic examination confirmed high-grade leiomyosarcoma.	2
We report the resolution of all the features of PHS with systemic corticosteroids and recurrence on withdrawal, and further remission on reinstitution of systemic corticosteroids.	2
Sequential CT studies of 24 children with infantile spasms on ACTH therapy.	2
Its occurrence in diabetic children has not been previously reported.	2
However, she developed new pulmonary symptoms and an enlarged cavitary lesion associated with the rapid formation of a fungal, ball-shaped shadow that was serially observed by radiological analysis.	2
Therefore, an alternative therapy is necessary, especially for patients who need to continue permanent administration of the drug.	2
The evidence from this series of cases and from six additional cases identified in the literature suggests that the risk of endometrial sarcomas may be increased by estrogen therapy or endogenous disorders that lead to unopposed estrogenic stimulation of the uterus.	2
Nocardia asteroides peritonitis during continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis.	2
The patient was hospitalized in October, 1974, with signs and symptoms of right ventricular outflow obstruction and arrhythmia, and cardiac workup established the presence of a right ventricular tumor.	2
Pharmaceutical drugs, industrial compounds, and inhaled particles have been implicated as causative agents.	2
Cannulation of the radial artery can result in complications ranging from arterial thrombosis, arterial aneurysm, compartment syndrome, infection, nerve injury and skin necrosis to possible thumb or even hand necrosis if not recognized and treated early.	2
The mean +/- SD decrease in VAS at this time was 61.2 +/- 15.5%.	2
Fatal intoxication using amantadine and pramipexole in a uremic patient.	2
Another patient died form an overdose due to misunderstanding of the prescribed dosage given elsewhere.	2
This communication describes the profile of two children with unexpected, acute fatal neurologic toxicity during induction chemotherapy for ALL.	2
Early data identifies atomoxetine's influence on Tourette symptomatology to be not merely equivocal but potentially suppressive in the manifestation of tics.	2
Consistent and supportive psychotherapy for such patients is recommended for maintaining compliance, for pharmacotherapy, and an optimal level of personal, occupational, and interpersonal functioning.	2
Type B lactic acidosis, a rare but often fatal disorder, has been reported in 21 AIDS patients on antiretroviral therapy (ART).	2
Celecoxib can be administered as palliative treatment to affected birds, but as with any nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug, COX-2 inhibitors should be used cautiously because they can adversely affect renal function by decreasing renal prostaglandin synthesis.	2
Citalopram: an interaction study with clomipramine in a patient heterozygous for CYP2D6 genotype.	2
Despite discontinuation of the local anaesthetics, the symptoms persisted.	2
RESULTS: Coagulase-negative staphylococci were identified and isolated from the vitreous specimen of both patients.	2
The use of real-time ultrasonography enabled us to image this infant's aortoiliac thrombosis in an accurate, noninvasive manner and monitor the effectiveness of thrombolytic therapy.	2
The patient recovered completely following withdrawal of antacids and sucralfate and short-term treatment with phosphate.	2
Alternatives to neurosurgery, such as pharmacotherapy, include systemic corticosteroids and antidepressants.	2
Bronchoscopy revealed diffuse erythema without bleeding.	2
After 1 month of treatment, he was diagnosed as having acute renal failure secondary to HUS.	2
The patient presented with severe bladder pain, fever, and eosinophilia several hours after instillation.	2
A 27-year-old man with typical mitral leaflet prolapse syndrome was under medical care for eight years with ventricular arrhythmias resistant to various antiarrhythmic drugs.	2
Rituximab, a humanized monoclonal antibody approved for malignant lymphoma, is being increasingly, effectively, and safely used for immune thrombocytopenic purpura (ITP) and other humoral autoimmune disorders.	2
Proteinuria level decreased to 2.80 g per day two weeks after temsirolimus withdrawal.	2
Transrectal ultrasound-guided needle biopsy of the prostate is a widely accepted technique to obtain prostatic tissue for histological examination.	2
Although the management of catheter-related Rhodotorula fungemia infections remains controversial, resolution of the underlying disease is more important than catheter removal for recovery from Rhodotorula rubra fungemia.	2
Interventional pain physicians have considerable interest in identifying techniques which avoid these complications.	2
An internal work-up remained negative.	2
Recently, amiloride, a potassium-sparing diuretic, has been reported as a successful treatment for nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.	2
The INR remained subtherapeutic for 5 weeks despite weekly warfarin dose increases.	2
Early postsplenectomy arthritis caused by penicillin-resistant Streptococcus pneumoniae.	2
Follow-up HRCT scans after withdrawal of the drug showed resolution of this supposedly irreversible pattern.	2
It most commonly occurs in association with hematologic malignancies and appears a few hours to a few days after initiation of specific chemotherapy, as the result from the release of intracellular components into the bloodstream due to abrupt malignant cell death.	2
While the association of psoriasis and lupus may have been fortuitous, the temporal relationships suggest that PUVA treatment in this case may have been of pathogenetic importance in the development of the connective tissue disease.	2
By now, there are no reports in literature of agranulocytosis caused by tumur necrosis factor-alpha blockers.	2
The response to pain-related treatments and to preventive drugs was poor in the symptomatic as well as in the primary cases.	2
These two cases demonstrate the importance of early treatment including dantrolene.	2
In case 2, a 25 mg reduction in the total daily dose of sertraline resulted in halving of the lamotrigine blood level even though the lamotrigine dosage was increased by 33%.	2
This was suggestive of type I hypersensitivity reaction.	2
Churg-Strauss syndrome, or allergic granulomatous angiitis, is an uncommon vasculitic syndrome.	2
Headache, nausea, emesis, and lethargy were the presenting signs.	2
The patient recovered with intensive supportive management including broad-spectrum antibiotics, bowel rest with gastric intubation and intravenous gamma-globulin.	2
In adverse reactions with shock, tripled tryptase values can support a diagnosis of anaphylaxis.	2
We then review case reports, expert opinion, and manufacturer recommendations regarding hepatitis B viral infection, TNF-alpha, and TNF-alpha inhibitors.	2
With treatment, the serum CBZ concentration declined, and the EEG became more continuous and rhythmic without epileptiform discharges.	2
STUDY DESIGN: Case report.	2
These adverse reactions were recognized early and the appropriate treatment of agranulocytosis resulted in complete recovery in both cases.	2
Nocardiosis after corticosteroid therapy for malignant thymoma.	2
We report our conventional magnetic resonance and diffusion-weighted imaging findings and briefly discuss the pathophysiology of the syndrome.	2
Reactivation of sarcoidosis during interferon therapy.	2
Her condition has improved with progesterone therapy.	2
Local administration of corticosteroids for rheumatic diseases have had a long history of effective and well-tolerated use.	2
This report describes a patient who developed pulmonary leukostasis in the absence of significant leukocytosis.	2
Three possibilities existed to account for this outbreak: the positive cultures represented isolated events; there was one isolated event and a common source; or, all events were due to a common source.	2
We also provide a literature review regarding thionamide-induced ANCA-associated vasculitis.	2
Six days after she received a prescription for a 5-day course of azithromycin, her INR was 15.16.	2
An appointment was made for the patient but he did not attend.	2
For patients on chronic maintenance PD who receive gadolinium, our case suggests that a temporary intensive automated PD regimen, aimed at maximizing clearance of this contrast agent immediately after exposure, could be an effective alternative when institution of HD is problematic.	2
In animals AmB incorporated into liposomes is highly effective against experimental leishmaniasis, with low toxicity.	2
As the use of this drug for off-label indications and in pediatric populations increases, it is important for clinicians to better understand the drug's pharmacokinetic profile in these patient populations.	2
Interventional pain management is an evolving field, with a primary focus on the safety of the patient.	2
Monocomponent porcine insulin was injected into each quadrant of the pit.	2
The increasing use of this agent is expected, because of the increasing number of patients with inflammatory bowel disease.	2
Abnormal metabolism of valproic acid in fatal hepatic failure.	2
A greater than 50% decrease in red cell transfusion requirement was observed in one patient with RA and one patient with AA.	2
The patient improved clinically, and 5 years later continues to do well.	2
Two patients developed posterior subcapsular cataract.	2
Clinicians are advised to observe for symptoms of toxicity and to do serial blood levels to monitor this interaction.	2
Secondary pancreatic involvement by diffuse large B-cell lymphoma presenting as acute pancreatitis: treatment and outcome.	2
However, electron microscopy disclosed focal mesangial interposition, irregular thickening of the glomerular basement membrane and subendothelial loosening.	2
Parkinson disease: an update.	2
The 171 patients were treated for a total of 4005 months, giving an incidence for severe infection of 3.30/100 patient-years (95% CI 1.65-5.90).	2
This entity may considered in the differential diagnosis of acute onset of colicky abdominal pain in the patient given narcotics.	2
Both patients developed granulocytopenia after multi-agent chemotherapy.	2
Due to refractory elevations of ICP, high-dose pentobarbital infusion was initiated, and ICP gradually normalised.	2
This event was caused by an erroneous switch with the 1% lidocaine/1:100,000 solution.	2
Tumor response was determined by computed tomography scans obtained at the clinical discretion of the treating physicians.	2
It is critical to differentiate this from other potential causes of hemorrhage, such as an acute bleed from an anastomotic false aneurysm which is a surgical emergency.	2
Here we report on a patient with occult HBV infection, who developed HBV exacerbation after chemotherapy for diffuse large B-cell lymphoma.	2
Delayed immune reconstitution after SCT, such as cord blood and T-cell depleted SCT with the use of alemtuzumab, has been associated with an increased frequency of CMV disease as well as CMV reactivation.	2
However, he developed acute exacerbation of hepatitis due to HBV reactivation.	2
The theophylline level was 9.89 micrograms/ml at the moment of psychotic reaction.	2
The restrictive lung disease progressed despite cessation of sulfasalazine and initiation of corticosteroid therapy.	2
Owing to suspected acute myocardial infarction, the patient was treated with thrombolytic therapy but her condition deteriorated.	2
A retrospective review of 4405 patients' charts identified 214 patients who initiated antimalarial therapy between January 1987 and April 1993 for different rheumatic disorders (mean duration of therapy of 17 months).	2
CONCLUSION: This experience indicates that cetuximab can be continued in patients who experience infusion reactions.	2
After reviewing the current literature, we suggest that there is no dose of methadone that may be considered to be completely safe.	2
The patient was reluctant to resume chemotherapy for his Hodgkin's disease because of his previous presumed skin infections.	2
Coronary vasospasm resulting from a sudden autonomic response associated with an intracranial procedure was encountered during percutaneous radiofrequency trigeminal rhizotomy.	2
A repeat sodium was 124 mmol/L, and she was admitted.	2
Four patients were neutropenic (less than 500/microliters).	2
Additional predisposing factors were the patient's age and difficulty in urination due to benign prostatic hypertrophy.	2
We studied the effect of ramipril on urinary protein excretion and arterial pressure in a 27-year-old patient with GSD Ia and heavy proteinuria (2-3 g /24 h).	2
The authors report a case of a patient who developed an intracranial hemorrhage following thrombolytic therapy that required emergency surgical intervention.	2
These HRCT findings were atypical compared with those of former bronchiolitis obliterans (BO) after bone marrow transplant (BMT).	2
Drug-induced lymphocyte transformation test before desensitization was negative with a stimulation index of 130%.	2
Its mode of anti-inflammatory actions in rheumatoid arthritis is not clearly understood, but modulation of neutrophil activity or inhibition of neutrophil inflammatory product formation or release appear to play a role.	2
Review of the literature revealed 34 patients received chemotherapy and radiotherapy, 32 patients received chemotherapy alone, 1 patient had only surgery, and the radiation status of the remaining patient is unclear.	2
General anesthesia was induced.	2
As it was so effective in these eyes with resistant CMO, a larger study is warranted to evaluate this form of therapy.	2
Although drug-induced allergic nephritis (DIAN) is one of the most common problems seen by nephrologists, its true frequency is probably underestimated.	2
Combination chemotherapy for bone marrow relapse in childhood lymphoblastic leukaemia (ALL).	2
All three patients (and possibly a fourth) who developed AML were postmenopausal, received continuous chlorambucil for greater than or equal to 4 years, had acute red cell anemia at the time of treatment, and had a wbc count in the range of 2700-7700/mm3.	2
The aerosol administration allows high concentrations of tobramycin to be delivered to the site of infection with limited systemic absorption.	2
A 9-month-old boy with progressive hepatosplenomegaly and neurodevelopmental delay was studied.	2
Further studies are needed to determine the optimal dose and schedule of DMSO application and to assess its efficacy in extravasation injuries from other vesicants.	2
Sequencing studies revealed the presence of mutations in viral isolates obtained after clinical resistance was observed.	2
Other explanations for an exaggerated and delayed response to opioids include co-administration of other respiratory depressant drugs such as magnesium sulphate, co-morbidity such as renal impairment and genetic variability in the metabolism of morphine.	2
The syndrome of inappropriate secretion of antidiuretic hormone (SIADH) has numerous etiologies, including medical illness, stress, and various pharmacologic agents.	2
High-strength pancreatic enzymes have recently been implicated as a cause of colonic strictures in children with cystic fibrosis (CF).	2
Despite these measures he appeared to have progressive lymphoma.	2
Progressive outer retinal necrosis is a necrotizing herpetic retinopathy usually seen in immunocompromised patients.	2
Ovarian torsion: a complication of GIFT.	2
All six patients have 6/6 best corrected vision.	2
In-vitro rechallenge of the patient's lymphocytes with cytochrome P-450 generated metabolites of phenobarbital showed extensive cytotoxicity compared to control.	2
A case of successful treatment of antibiotic-associated pseudomembranous colitis with oral metronidazole is reported.	2
In this study, we outline the case of a patient with Stenotrophomonas maltophilia bacteremia after living donor liver transplantation, which showed the clinical signs of severe sepsis and was resistant to almost all antibiotics.	2
The skin lesions spread rapidly to most of the body, and ulcers of the ocular and oral mucosa appeared.	2
CASE SUMMARY: An 84-year-old woman presented to the emergency department with a bilateral cervical hematoma and symptoms of upper-airway obstruction that had been increasing for 72 hours, with dyspnea and difficulty speaking developing in the previous 24 hours.	2
To our knowledge, neither the association of SINS and ankylosing spondylitis nor vertical diplopia as its presenting complaint has been described.	2
We report 4 patients with involvement of 5 hips with septic arthritis in established osteonecrotic joints.	2
A 36-year-old patient with HIV developed a set of progressive left hemiparesis and secondarily generalized partial seizures related to progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy.	2
Significant deteriorations were demonstrated in cognitive (p = 0.04) and social functions (p = 0.04), compared with assessment of pre-morbid function.	2
We report a case of portopulmonary hypertension in which the pulmonary hypertension resolved after initial orthotopic liver transplantation.	2
During admission she was found to be profoundly hypothyroid despite being on adequate thyroid replacement therapy.	2
Noncardiogenic pulmonary edema after transfusion therapy is an infrequent but hazardous complication.	2
Laboratory investigations for uveitis were negative and the patient required systemic and intensive topical steroids with cycloplegics to control the inflammation.	2
Further histologic documentation in other cases is necessary to strengthen our current findings.	2
We encountered two girls with acute promyelocytic leukemia (APL) after living donor partial orthotopic liver transplantation.	2
Resonance Imaging of LS spine showed an and was managed successfully with antibiotics.	2
Flavimonas oryzihabitans (CDC group Ve-2) bacteraemia associated with Hickman catheters.	2
Electron microscopy showed morphological abnormalities in the matrix.	2
We report the first case of a tuberculous cutaneous lesion in a patient receiving the above treatment.	2
A patient with a 30% scald burn was treated with topical silver sulfadiazine (Silvadene).	2
This toxic effect was attributed to lomustine and was not seen in patients treated with carmustine alone.	2
A transdermal scopolamine patch is an effective medication for relieving motion sickness, treating nausea and vomiting from chemotherapy and decreasing withdrawal side-effects from wearing off opioids.	2
DISCUSSION: Carboplatin is an important chemotherapeutic agent in the treatment of a variety of pediatric brain tumors.	2
In the presence of risk factors, such as cGVHD, prophylactic treatment for toxoplasmosis should be reinstituted; Trimethoprim-sulfamethoxasole most probably prevented earlier reactivation of toxoplasmosis in our patient.	2
Interstitial pneumonitis, induced by hormone treatment given for prostate cancer, is a reversible condition and a quick diagnosis followed by prompt, proper treatment is important to ensure a successful recovery.	2
There was evidence of extrarenal vascular disease in 12 patients and preexisting renal impairment in 13.	2
Full recovery occurred because of early pick up, emphasizing the need for careful fluid balance monitoring of patients receiving cisplatin chemotherapy.	2
Fine-needle aspiration cytology in locally advanced breast adenocarcinoma: a case with complete response to preoperative chemotherapy in association with granulomatous inflammatory reaction.	2
Our experience with donepezil in this group of patients shows promise.	2
When a 34-year-old woman had dyspnea and chylothorax 8 months postpartum, lymphangiomyomatosis was diagnosed by open-lung biopsy.	2
The etiology of acute liver dysfunction was unknown, however, we believe that the combination of oral glucocorticoid and lispro insulin was suitable and useful for preventing recurrent liver dysfunction in this patient.	2
Streaky pigmentation in a patient with acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS).	2
This is a report of prolonged meningitis caused by echovirus type 20 in a patient with rhabdomyosarcoma.	2
Resorption of the haematoma was proven by abdominal ultrasonic follow-ups.	2
Histological examination of a skin biopsy was consistent with leucocytoclastic vasculitis.	2
We encountered two cases of acute pancreatitis in patients with Cushing's disease following transnasal transsphenoidal hypophysectomy.	2
The diagnosis of encephalomyelitis was made on day 3 after methotrexate administration, and by day 6 mechanical ventilation was begun secondary to ascending paralysis.	2
Peripheral blood count revealed pancytopenia and a bone marrow biopsy was consistent with aplasia.	2
Optic nerve sheath fenestration for a reversible optic neuropathy in radiation oncology.	2
With this case report, we bring to attention the association of the MVI shortage and WE.	2
Quadriplegia due to lead-contaminated opium--case report.	2
It is essential that perioperative physicians, especially anesthesiologists, understand the risk factors, clinical scenario, and treatment of SS.	2
Glutamine-supplemented tube feedings versus total parenteral nutrition in children receiving intensive chemotherapy.	2
We describe a case of SCC in vitiligo lesion after long-term PUVA therapy.	2
An oral glucose tolerance test showed impaired glucose tolerance with marked insulin resistance.	2
It is proposed that neuroleptic-induced dysphoric responses may be responsible for therapeutic failure in some cases of psychotic depression.	2
As the list of FMF-associated MEFV mutations is expanded, and/or new sequencing technologies permit more rapid screening, the value and interpretation of genetic testing for FMF will become more straightforward.	2
The patient presented to the emergency department 1 day after discharge from the hospital following total knee arthroplasty revision with acute-onset dyspnea and mild chest pain.	2
The patient was extubated 24 h after her arrival to the ICU and discharged 72 h later.	2
Neonates present with an immature physiology and biochemistry with respect to drug metabolism.	2
Intravenous injection of diazepam caused a rapid normalization of the EEG with disappearance of the clinical manifestations.	2
High-dose tamoxifen was recently reported as a novel treatment for patients with malignant gliomas who have failed standard therapies.	2
Dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase (DPD) activity was measured by radioisotopic assay using lysates of peripheral blood mononuclear cells.	2
Although inhibition of the angiotensin-converting enzyme is considered to be efficient treatment for hypertension associated with chronic renal failure, care should be taken when captopril is administered initially to a patient with decreased renal function, under the conditions of sodium and water depletion.	2
Six patients presented with clinical, biochemical and histological evidence of severe hepatitis after taking herbal remedies.	2
It is suggested that dopaminergic imbalance, as opposed to excessive dopaminergic blockade, may also play a role in the precipitation of NMS.	2
Seven patients presented with refractory bleeding and 1 was diagnosed with severe coagulopathy unresponsive to the conventional treatment.	2
His diarrhea, consisting of 10 to 12 loose stools a day, had continued for approximately two weeks and was accompanied with abdominal cramping, fever, anorexia, and weight loss.	2
This case emphasizes the importance of making interventions based on individual patient response.	2
A 75-year-old man on anticoagulant therapy suddenly experienced an excruciating back pain and subsequently developed a paraplegia.	2
A postmortem liver biopsy revealed adenocarcinoma undergoing necrosis.	2
The possible role of AK inhibition in these clinical responses requires further investigation.	2
The tendency to develop AV block in a patient who is euthyroid was reduced by bypass tract conduction.	2
We describe a case that involves fracture of a stent deployed to nominal pressure.	2
Two months later, he was admitted to hospital with ORTHOPNEA, worsening dyspnea and cough.	2
During the follow-up period of two months, there was transiently decreased MED to UVB, which became normalized after 1 month treatment with cyclophosphamide.	2
The pacing system was removed in one patient 13 months postoperatively because of persistent pericarditis; one patient died of an unrelated cerebral hemorrhage 13 months postoperatively.	2
Physicians who now routinely treat RLS patients with dopaminergic agents should be aware of this abuse potential.	2
Successful treatment of Staphylococcus aureus bacterial endocarditis in a renal transplant recipient.	2
The apparent low adverse effect profile of the new drug zafirlukast has made it an attractive choice in the treatment of asthma.	2
During surgery the left internal jugular vein was found to be thrombosed and, therefore, ligated and resected.	2
Endoscopy demonstrated dimpling of the gastric mucosa on the anterior wall of the stomach.	2
1 previously untreated patient with plasma-cell leukaemia and 8 patients with myeloma (4 previously untreated) were treated with high-dose melphalan 100-140 mg/m2 iv.	2
Child-Pugh class A liver function and a platelet count of > or = 60,000/mm(3) were among the inclusion criteria for SHARP.	2
Intravenous azithromycin is increasingly administered for treatment of hospitalized patients with community-acquired pneumonia.	2
The lesions were lichenoid in appearance and this was confirmed histologically.	2
He had an extensive psychiatric history significant for schizophrenia and multiple past hospital admissions, starting at age 14 years.	2
The diagnostic pitfalls are discussed with the case, and the need for careful interpretation of laboratory findings in conjunction with clinical signs is emphasized.	2
We speculated that SLE associated with systemic vasculitis and uremic milieu over a number of years may represent the perfect preexisting condition for calcific arteriolopathy to occur following which several factors including chronic administration of corticosteroids, photosensitivity in lupus, and significant weight loss may have contributed to acral gangrene and mesenteric ischemia.	2
These patients all underwent further evaluation of their pulmonary and allergic history and all 3 were challenged with aspirin.	2
In view of the temporary symptomatic action and the seriousness of certain side-effects of desmopressin we recommend that desmopressin be used with caution in childhood enuresis.	2
In the case of foul drainage, burn reconstruction would be delayed.	2
Specimens of thyroid tissue from two cases with Hashimoto's thyroiditis were immunohistochemically examined for expression of SSTR2A.	2
Calotropis procera (ushaar) keratitis.	2
Fatal long-term immunosuppressive therapy with uncontrolled repeat prescription.	2
Phenytoin desensitization monitored by antigen specific T cell response using carboxyfluorescein succinimidyl ester dilution assay.	2
Pain partially responsive to opioids can lead to rapid escalating dosages due to tolerance development.	2
Two underwent shunt revision for proximal obstruction, with an intact distal system.	2
The case of a 19-year-old woman with insulin-dependent diabetes and regular and NPH insulin hypersensitivity is presented.	2
Six months following cessation of therapy, the ERG was still abnormal for one patient, but continued improvement was evident at 25 months; for the second patient, the ERG was normal at one year.	2
Severe allergic reactions, although uncommon, have been reported.	2
No neurological deficit was detected despite prolonged hypoxemia.	2
The combination of sulfadiazine and pyrimethamine is regarded as the treatment of choice.	2
Elimination rates for Staphylococcus aureus and Haemophilus influenzae were similar; adverse reactions did not differ in both arms.	2
Many therapeutic modalities are available, and combinations may be required in a comprehensive treatment program.	2
Examination revealed a combined restrictive and obstructive defect in pulmonary mechanics and severe compromise of gas transfer across the pulmonary alveolar-capillary membrane.	2
An associated finding included a 2+ positive antinuclear antibody test with a titer of 1:320.	2
CONCLUSION: A high level of suspicion, prompt antituberculosis treatment and close follow-up are essential in management of post-transplant tuberculosis.	2
After initial stabilization, the patient was discharged with warfarin (target INR = 2.5-3.5) together with beta-blockers, statins and metformin.	2
Blood glucose levels, which were normal before treatment, dropped to 2.3 mmol/l within a few hours and were corrected by i.v. glucose infusion.	2
The need for professional support for the carers of such patients should be recognized.	2
In the end, secondary forms of NH might coexist with classical primary NH.	2
METHODS: All admission records and operative reports, as well as available office notes, on patients with blebitis or bleb-associated endophthalmitis admitted to a large referral eye center from 1985 to 1995 were reviewed retrospectively.	2
Venous thrombosis and congenital absence of inferior vena cava in a patient with menorrhagia and pelvic pain.	2
CONCLUSION: Despite extremely delayed presentation, aggressive CDT was successful in both breast, and head and neck reconstructions with excellent long-term flap results.	2
Severe chronic active Epstein-Barr virus infection is a rare, debilitating, nonneoplastic, inflammatory disorder for which there is no definitive treatment.	2
Simultaneously with the clomipramine dosage increase, clozapine was tapered and stopped ever a period of 19 days.	2
Her course was further complicated by exudative pleural effusion and pneumonia despite receiving 10 days of clindamycin therapy.	2
We believe that a pharmacodynamic interaction is most likely.	2
History revealed that the patient had taken a combination phenolphthalein/docusate sodium (Correctol) over-the-counter laxative 1 day prior to admission.	2
The proportions of lymphocyte subsets, as defined with monoclonal antibodies, and the proliferative response to mitogens were normal.	2
Furthermore, this case suggested that correct nonsurgical diagnosis of pelvic actinomycosis followed by prolonged antibiotic therapy might eliminate the need for extensive extirpative surgery and assist in maintaining future fertility.	2
When he was given an inferior alveolar nerve block, excessive bleeding was noted at the injection site and the dentist advised the patient see an oral and maxillofacial surgeon.	2
The in vitro susceptibility assay showed that the clinical isolate was resistant to foscarnet, moderately resistant to ganciclovir, but sensitive to cidofovir.	2
PURPOSE: To describe a patient with iatrogenically induced central retinal vein occlusions secondary to serum hyperviscosity from intravenous immunoglobulin administration.	2
Pancytopenia is a rare complication of the thionamide therapy reported secondary to aplastic anemia, the bone marrow being invariably hypocellular.	2
It should be noted that such an infection can occur in patients treated with conventional chemotherapy against malignant lymphoma.	2
Immunoprecipitation and Western blot analysis were then used to demonstrate that the aberrant DPD mRNA is translated into a nonfunctional DPD protein that is ubiquitinated.	2
DESIGN: Retrospective interventional case series.	2
Because treatment has focused mainly on supportive care and generally unsuccessful immunosuppression, children with BO experience significant morbidity and mortality.	2
Infliximab, a chimeric monoclonal antibody targeting tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha), is efficacious in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis and Crohn's disease.	2
The postoperative course was uneventful and topical steroids were combined with neomycin and propamidine.	2
We compared the serum laboratory values and liver biopsy findings from group 1 with those from 10 patients with sporadic autoimmune hepatitis (group 2).	2
Ivermectin has been shown to be an effective treatment of loiasis.	2
A 43-year-old patient with preexisting mitral valve prolapse and Cardiobacterium hominis endocarditis with partial destruction of the posterior mitral valve leaflet is described.	2
The corn oil-based soft gelatin capsule appears to be the safest formulation.	2
A 28-year-old female patient complained of intractable pain in the left arm, shoulder, and back and weakness, numbness, and muscular cramp in the left arm.	2
Published 2001 Wiley-Liss, Inc.	2
Candida parapsilosis was the causative agent.	2
This case highlights the importance of muscle biopsy in HIV infected patients whose myopathy persists despite withdrawal of antiretroviral therapy and the need for thorough investigation of non-specific symptoms in HIV infected patients who are receiving antiretroviral therapy.	2
It is likely that her inability to excrete absorbed aluminum contributed to her death.	2
Analeptic-induced paranoid psychosis occasionally occurs in the treatment of narcolepsy.	2
Overall, the prevalence of patients lacking both lipodystrophy and serum lipid abnormalities was markedly higher for the cases than for the controls (69.5 vs. 13%, P<0.001).	2
We analyze a case of neutropenic enterocolitis which occurred in a patient with acute myeloid leukemia during chemotherapy and we suggest that, as well as intestinal wall thickness, hemodynamic worsening should be considered an indication for surgery.	2
CONCLUSION: Most GHD patients have intact posterior pituitary function.	2
BACKGROUND: Nocardia exalbida was first reported in 2006.	2
The patient's methemoglobin level was 63%.	2
Other mechanisms have been postulated by other investigators.	2
Clinical and pathological responses of tumor and the side-effects were examined in these two groups.	2
Estramustine is a combination of estradiol and nitrogen mustard, and alone has shown objective responses in advanced prostatic cancer.	2
The incidence of pulmonary nodules after cardiac transplantation is not uncommon, and prompt diagnostic procedures are necessary to minimize disease-related morbidity and mortality.	2
Also, transcranial Doppler revealed approximate doubling of blood flow velocity in vertebral artery area compared with her baseline value.	2
After the switch to aripiprazole, the patient's psychotic condition improved.	2
Two probands had borderline mutations; the rest were normal.	2
Only one prior case has been reported in a patient receiving aggressive chemotherapy for a hematologic malignancy.	2
Possible mechanisms underlying her response to this form of treatment are discussed.	2
A serum chloroquine concentration at this time (91 micro g/L) was above that considered effective for chloroquine-sensitive P. vivax (>15 micro g/L).	2
Bilateral vocal cord paralysis was seen on laryngoscopy.	2
Pulmonary thromboembolism following total laryngectomy and neck dissection: a case report.	2
Toxic symptoms (sinus arrest) reappeared twice and were accompanied by increasing amounts of non-antibody-bound DGTX in the serum.	2
In addition to resuming her opioid therapy, she was treated supportively with bilevel positive airway pressure, diuretic therapy, morphine, aspirin, metoprolol, enalaprilat, intravenous heparin, nitroglycerin infusion, and dopamine infusion.	2
OBJECTIVE: To present a previously unreported cause of neurologic compromise after cervical spine surgery.	2
RESULTS: A 33-year-old man with extensive ophthalmologic complaints and procedures, who had used glucocorticoid ocular drops for an extended period, was referred to the endocrinologist for new onset of type 2 diabetes mellitus.	2
If neovascularization occurred at the site of the anastomosis, intravitreal bevacizumab (1.25 mg) was injected followed by laser photocoagulation to areas of retinal ischaemia and the area of retina anterior to the L-CRA 1 week later.	2
These cases are discussed in the context of evidence that lithium may be useful in other patients with disorders of impulse control.	2
Both patients made an uneventful recovery.	2
BACKGROUND: Post-allogeneic haematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) membranous nephropathy (MN), a rare complication of HSCT, remains an ill-defined entity.	2
Maintenance tricyclic antidepressants induced rapid cycling between mania and depression in five female bipolar (manic-depressive) patients.	2
Myoclonus is a well-known side effect of anticonvulsant drugs.	2
We conclude that a combination of cytokines may be useful in treating relapsed leukemia after BMT.	2
He was treated by the administration of vancomycin, fluconazole, and pazufloxacin mesilate.	2
Therefore, patients on long-term therapy with atypical antipsychotic drugs should be screened periodically for TD.	2
Laser-Doppler flowmetry on the toe of the left foot disclosed an increased blood flow and an abnormal fluctuation of the cutaneous capillary blood flow, i.e. a high amplitude rhythmic (HAR) wave with 2.5 to 3 cycles.min-1.	2
Antibodies for HIT by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay were positive.	2
Recurrent erythema multiforme is a rare disorder, clinically characterized by symmetrically distributed, erythematous, and bullous skin and mucous lesions, mainly precipitated by a preceding herpes simplex infection.	2
Though the voluntary recall was in effect, the family already had a bottle of the medication at home.	2
This case suggests that chemotherapy with its attendant immunosuppression is a predisposing factor in the development of necrotizing fasciitis and warrants a high index of suspicion.	2
Auditory damage may be reduced by changes in dose, drugs or methods of treatment.	2
Nonopioid analgesics did not relieve her pain, and she was unable to walk without the aid of a walker.	2
Mitral valve prolapse is usually a benign condition, however, serious complications have been reported to be associated with it.	2
Giant blastoconidia of Candida albicans.	2
This isolate was lost in storage and could not be characterized further.	2
Eosinophil infiltration is a characteristic feature of nasal polyps associated with AIA.	2
A preclinical study in rats treated with TKI showed a statistically significant increase in benign and malignant renal tumours.	2
Interestingly, the patient's mother had also experienced a generalised pustular dermatosis associated with hypocalcaemia during oral contraceptive use, which was diagnosed clinically and histologically as impetigo herpetiformis.	2
However, both patients had abnormally large epidural fat deposits as an underlying and contributing condition.	2
A case report is presented of a bulimic patient with manic symptoms who was successfully treated with lithium.	2
Despite premedication with dexamethasone prior to a second attempt at therapy, she again experienced similar symptoms after receiving 500 mL (78 mg) of cisplatin solution.	2
Furthermore, radial keratoneuritis was demonstrated, consisting of an irregularly swollen nerve fiber with probable amoebic infiltration.	2
Cultures demonstrated Aspergillus fumigatus sensitive to voriconazole.	2
It is important that physicians be alerted to this serious, potentially lethal, complication, as it is readily reversible if the disulfiram is discontinued and appropriate supportive measures are taken.	2
Radiographic studies suggest three possible explanations: (a) inadvertent thecal penetration during injection may have produced an atypical anesthetic block; (b) loculation of the injected fluid may have caused a transient compressive lesion; or (c) intrathecal injection may have produced an iatrogenic arachnoid cyst.	2
Subsequent testing revealed that this patient has an extremely low level of DPD activity (0.015 nmol/min/mg protein; mean, 0.189 nmol/min/mg protein).	2
Long-term treatment in gut neuroendocrine tumours, efficacy of oral administration, and possible use in non-tumoural inappropriate TSH hypersecretion.	2
The other author believes tympanoplasty should be performed prior to reconstruction (Dr.	2
Fever dropped at least 1.5 degrees C, and heart rate dropped from rates of 120 to 140 to less than 100bpm.	2
The patient was a nonsmoker with no respiratory illnesses.	2
Up to now, all investigations have failed to show a relapse of her adenocarcinoma.	2
Thus, it is important for dermatologists treating patients with diabetes and antitumor necrosis factor-alpha agents for psoriasis to be aware of potential hypoglycemia and to adjust antidiabetes therapy accordingly.	2
Cholesterol microembolization and stable renal function with continued anticoagulation.	2
Patients have the right to adequate and safe pain relief in hospitals, but many continue to experience unrelieved pain.	2
The present report is of a 67-year-old woman presenting with bulky cervicothoracic RIF who, 10 years previously, had received radiochemotherapy for a small cell thyroid carcinoma to a dose of 50 Gy, with severe acute side-effects.	2
The pharmacologic agent bisphosphonate has recently received much attention in the dental literature.	2
To our knowledge, this paper is the first to describe long-term experiences with patient reporting as part of a spontaneous reporting system.	2
We suggest that in patients treated with olanzapine, CK concentrations should be checked on initiation of therapy, within the first 48 hours, and weekly thereafter for at least one month.	2
Initial clinical experience with centrifugal pumps coated with the Carmeda process.	2
Pulmonary thromboembolism (PTE) in leukemic children undergoing intensive chemotherapy should be promptly recognized so that specific therapy can be started.	2
A 47-y-old female underwent revision of a left total hip replacement because of loose prosthesis.	2
The authors describe 4 cases of patients with bifurcation lesions involving the left anterior descending coronary artery, who developed periprocedural thrombosis with acute transmural ischemia.	2
Fatal liver failure following generalized tonic-clonic seizures.	2
The third case received ASCT with an unmanipulated autograft for relapsed angioimmunoblastic lymphoma.	2
Controlled studies are necessary to assess the efficacy, the duration of therapy required for effective results, and the safety of this treatment over the long-term.	2
Symptoms resolved spontaneously and completely after 48 h.	2
It is always good to ask the question, "Will this help my patient live better or longer?" when prescribing a therapy.	2
Patients with PS-1 AD may be at substantially increased risk of neuroleptic-induced EPS.	2
JHR is a self-limiting condition that warrants the continuation of antibiotic treatment in syphilis patients.	2
Heparin was administered on the initial one and a half days.	2
Aminoglycosides have been reported to cause tetany by inducing renal wasting of magnesium and secondary hypocalcemia.	2
Withdrawal emergent syndrome (WES) is a subtype of tardive dyskinesia that has been reported in children who were taken off antipsychotic therapy.	2
Thrombolysis with recombinant tissue plasminogen activator is the only established treatment for acute ischemic stroke.	2
Lenalidomide is an important contemporary treatment option for patients with multiple myeloma (MM).	2
Both reactions occurred late in the course of treatment.	2
Treatment with oral contraceptive (OC) for endometriosis and later with cyclophosphamide, methotrexate, fluorouracil (CMF) for breast cancer produced a higher number of attacks.	2
Dopamine D2 receptor occupancy 1.5 months after withdrawal still amounted to 83% and 50%.	2
Anti-tuberculous drugs, including ethambutol, were initiated at our clinic because the period between the ethambutol therapy and visual loss was too short and the dose of ethambutol was not very high.	2
Antibiotic treatment did not stop the progress of the disease.	2
Reversal of post-reperfusion coagulopathy by protamine sulphate in orthotopic liver transplantation.	2
Disseminated intravascular coagulation in pregnancy.	2
Intravenous thrombolytic therapy has become standard treatment for acute myocardial infarction (AMI).	2
Clonidine: a practical guide for usage in children.	2
Methadone withdrawal when starting an antiretroviral regimen including nevirapine.	2
It was possible to reproduce the disease by the intradermal injection of killed Group A streptococcal organisms.	2
CASE SUMMARY: An 89-year-old man was admitted for dementia with behavioral disturbance and psychosis and was started on olanzapine 2.5 mg twice daily.	2
The possible deleterious effects of praziquantel therapy should be considered in the treatment of patients with subarachnoid cysticerci.	2
Implantation of ventriculoperitoneal shunts in the precoronal position is generally accomplished using a retroauricular incision for subcutaneous tunneling.	2
The former diagnosis was supported by a subsequent in-vitro HEPTEM.	2
The amount of weight loss was substantial in this group of patients, ranging from 19 pounds to 53 pounds.	2
Two manic-depressive patients are described who presented with acute renal failure and concurrent lithium toxicity.	2
A case of recurrent impetigo herpetiformis with a positive family history.	2
With the increasing use of these antimitotic agents, great vigilance should be exercised with regard to renal function and haemolytic status.	2
Detection and treatment of Strongyloides hyperinfection syndrome following lung transplantation.	2
RESULTS: Four patients had high intraocular pressure after intravitreal ranibizumab 0.5 mg.	2
In addition, dermal intravascular thrombi resolved.	2
Required doses of Danaparoid were consistently twofold that previously reported for adults.	2
They received trihexyphenidyl with good results.	2
The side effects in all patients have included varying degrees of anorexia, fatigue, ipsilateral forehead dermatitis, blepharitis, and conjunctivitis.	2
A detailed study has been made of the five hypertensive patients who received Minoxidil in Dumfries; four have been observed for over a year.	2
One case presented with Stevens-Johnson syndrome, and the other had systemic papular erythema.	2
None of the seven patients receiving MPP on PUVA had a reaction.	2
We review the pathophysiology of prophylaxis-related encephalopathy in leukemia patients and summarize its clinical, histological, and radiological characteristics.	2
Abemayor).	2
A 28 year-old man with chronic hepatitis B was administered interferon-alpha (5 x 10(6) IU) intramuscularly once a day for 28 days.	2
An early gestational insult, rather than a mutation, may be one cause of this heterogenous disorder.	2
Patients received infliximab infusions at a dose of 5 mg/kg, initially at weeks 0, 2 and 6 and subsequently at 8 weeks intervals in combination with an immunomodulator drug.	2
Serious allergic reactions related to Increlex therapy have not been reported.	2
A total of 24 patients were identified and clinical information of varying detail was available in all cases.	2
The following is a case report of a 32-year-old man who experienced refractory bronchospasm upon emergence from general anesthesia.	2
Potential advantages and disadvantages of using epinephrine in this setting, the role of alpha-agonists and some potential mechanisms accounting for their role in successful management are reviewed.	2
Aquagenic pruritus is a rare but distinct entity in which intense itching develops after contact with water, in the absence of cutaneous signs or underlying disorders that could explain the symptoms.	2
Our study also suggests that switching from bromocriptine to pergolide improves nocturia, thereby improving sleep status of patients with Parkinson's disease.	2
Twenty-seven patients with inoperable or recurrent primary malignant brain tumors after previous resection and/or radiotherapy, were treated with corticosteroids and a combination chemotherapy consisting of VM 26 and CCNU.	2
MH was treated immediately with dantrolene; the patient recovered within 14 days.	2
The hemodynamic changes, underlying mechanisms and therapeutic strategies are discussed.	2
Complete clinical resolution was observed with oral and topical antimycotic treatment.	2
Although systemic nocardial infections traditionally have had a grave prognosis, through early diagnosis, surgical intervention, and the use of newer, safer and synergistically acting antimicrobials, the prognosis has improved.	2
We present a 44-year-old female patient with generalised myasthenia gravis who developed progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy.	2
Induction of glycosuria and hyperglycemia by topical corticosteroid therapy.	2
Esophageal spasm is an infrequent complication of beta-adrenergic over-dose.	2
Esmolol, an ultrashort-acting beta 1-selective antagonist, controlled her multiple dysrhythmias and symptoms of sympathetic nervous system hyperstimulation.	2
A 57-year-old woman was scheduled to receive recombinant interferon-alpha retreatment for chronic active hepatitis C.	2
Cerebral toxoplasmosis - a late complication of allogeneic haematopoietic stem cell transplantation.	2
Furthermore, 8-hydroxy-deoxyguanosine (8-OH-dG) was prominently increased in mitochondrial and nuclear DNA.	2
Nocardiosis. A literature review with selected case reports in two dogs.	2
A second renal biopsy showed improvement of acute tubular necrosis and endocapillary proliferation and transformation of crescents into a fibrous form.	2
Final evaluation was made 12 weeks after the competed dose consolidation.	2
Although, not included in the incidence calculation, four patients with CLL were referred at the time of development of AML/MDS.	2
No woman was affected.	2
The rotator cuff tendons were noted to be intact and normal in appearance.	2
Severe microangiopathic hemolytic anemia, thrombocytopenia, and renal impairment were each noted in about 90% of the cases.	2
METHODS: Interventional case report and literature review.	2
This is the second case of progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy in a myasthenic patient.	2
Throughout approximately 3 years of treatment with these erythropoietin analogs, the patient's total daily dose of insulin was reduced in response to his decreasing A1C values, despite elevated blood glucose levels and the absence of patient-reported hypoglycemic events.	2
Inhalation provocation test with DSCG aerosol, 4 months after stopping DSCG treatment, showed an immediate-type 1 response and urticaria.	2
Monitoring of the long-term safety profile of TKIs is essential due to the prolonged survival of these patients.	2
We present herein the case of a 56-year-old woman in whom bilateral and recurrent SSP was caused by the rupture of pulmonary lacunae induced by chemotherapy, given for bilateral lung metastases secondary to breast carcinoma.	2
Endometrial "sarcomas" complicating ovarian thecoma, polycystic ovarian disease and estrogen therapy.	2
Two attempts at carboplatin desensitization were unsuccessful.	2
CONCLUSION: It is critical that oncologists remember that the theoretical benefits of available anti-neoplastic interventions must be carefully and constantly weighted against the potential harm they may cause.	2
We report herein two cases of young adult patients who were both diagnosed with Ph+ ALL 19 years after successful treatment for ES with combined modality therapy.	2
The literature is devoid of reports indicating that a reduction in the dosage or discontinuation of antidepressants of any chemical class produces symptoms of major depression within 2-4 d.	2
As children are often unable to describe their symptoms verbally, their akathisia can be misdiagnosed as worsening of their psychosis, prompting an unnecessary increase in their neuroleptic dose.	2
Multiple complications can occur as a consequence of insertion of a VAD.	2
Insulin resistance declined with adrenal suppression and infection control, and wound healing improved dramatically.	2
PATIENTS AND METHODS: Progressive renal dysfunction developed in two adolescent black girls with high-risk ALL who underwent renal biopsies that were consistent with FSGS.	2
Patient 2, a 24-month-old girl, was asymptomatic during the first days after the accident; subsequently, she started to cough and developed fever, dyspnea and chest pain.	2
Thrombolytic treatment may be affected by minor to relevant complications such as peripheral or central embolization but in our experience and according to the literature it seems much less hazardous than re-do surgery.	2
As described in previous reports, the most common adverse effects are pain, inflammation, and induration at the injection site, occurring in approximately 20-60% of patients.	2
Clinicians need to maintain a high index of suspicion to diagnose and treat this life-threatening adverse event.	2
However, dilated cardiomyopathy has not improved in spite of the cessation of interferon treatment.	2
Current therapy with oral baclofen and benzodiazepines is useful but has variable success, particularly in severe cases.	2
Two months later, at a follow-up visit, her serum cesium level was 1800 microg/dl, and her QTc interval was 494 msec.	2
Grand mal seizures and acute intermittent porphyria.	2
Screening for celiac disease with detection of anti-endomysium antibodies would be done in susceptible patients.	2
OBJECTIVE: We identified a group of patients with rheumatoid arthritis (RA) who were sensitive to both the beneficial and the side effects of intramuscular (im) gold treatment and whose disease was well controlled with doses of gold between 2 mg every 6 weeks and 5 mg weekly.	2
In such patients, desensitization may enable the patient to continue treatment with methotrexate.	2
Routine ophthalmic observation for the development of optic neuropathy is strongly recommended for patients with significant risk factors that could increase the chance of side effects and those on longer treatment courses.	2
Three weeks after traveling to Arizona, a 13-month-old, female Labrador retriever developed draining tracts in the right hind limb.	2
Regarded as the most common and best understood of the hereditary periodic fever syndromes, familial Mediterranean fever (FMF) is a recessively inherited disease of episodic fever with some combination of severe abdominal pain, pleurisy, arthritis, and a characteristic ankle rash.	2
There was also an improvement of the mesenteric arterial flow patterns on Doppler studies.	2
We describe seven cases of retinal pigment epithelial (RPE) tear, which developed in seven eyes of seven patients following PDT.	2
On the next day he died, probably as a result of heart failure.	2
Inhaled corticosteroids may cause various adverse effects ranging from irritation to severe anaphylactic reactions and systemic contact dermatitis.	2
Clinical signs included central nervous system symptoms (69%), gastrointestinal complaints (87%), visual disturbances (69%) and metabolic acidosis (94%).	2
The aim of this study was to evaluate whether corticosteroid use is the etiological agent in acute pancreatitis in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus, or whether it is related to the underlying connective tissue disorder.	2
To date, little evidence exists that these drugs are oncogenic.	2
Nondural attachment intradural meningiomas are quite uncommon.	2
The case is unique in that it is the first reported ingestion of oral pilocarpine tablets and the first dosing error reported for this indication.	2
The difficulty in absorbing vitamin B12 when intrinsic factor is not available does not make oral replacement impossible; the dose just needs to be higher.	2
The steps that can be taken to promptly reach a diagnosis and to successfully treat this life-threatening condition are described.	2
Physicians should be aware of this type of reaction.	2
A 37 year woman developed neuroleptic induced parkinsonism that persisted long after the drug had been discontinued.	2
Therefore patients with bronchial asthma should receive special prophylactic attention.	2
Successful treatment of pacemaker related endocarditis with acute embolic stroke without device removal.	2
At 8 years 1 month of age, phenytoin was first administered.	2
We will also discuss the unusual nature of this type of burn and the course of phototoxic lesions and their differences from a typical sunburn.	2
Reported here is an unusual case of radiation enteritis which caused a severe sequelae of stricture in the transverse colon as a long-term effect of therapeutic irradiation for uterine cancer, and required a surgical resection.	2
In this study a case of BP which was difficult to control with systemic steroids was successfully treated with mycophenolate mofetil as adjuvant therapy.	2
We describe a patient in whom this interaction caused a series of dangerous clinical events.	2
OBJECTIVE: To report a case of Jarisch-Herxheimer reaction (JHR) in a patient with presumed neurosyphilis and HIV.	2
Cardiac time intervals of a fetus in labor can be presented, which did not change significantly throughout the first stage of labor.	2
Multiple keratoacanthomas after megavoltage radiation therapy.	2
In general, it is good medical practice to avoid concomitant administration with centrally acting anticholinergic agents.	2
Neither the prior history of psychiatric illness nor brain damage predisposed to such response on treatment, and in most patients, it was not a part of hypomania or a more diffuse psychiatric disturbance.	2
CLINICAL FINDINGS: Following recovery from colic surgery to treat compression of the small and large intestines because of a large fetus, the mare was noticed to have signs of femoral neuropathy involving the left hind limb.	2
One male patient with bilateral DME was treated by intravitreal pegaptanib in his right eye every 6 weeks for 6 months (five injections) and followed for 42 months.	2
All three patients were stabilized and their tachycardia was controlled with digoxin.	2
A case of nephrotic syndrome treated with associated cyclophosphamide and corticosteroids came to our attention after over 2 years of self-administered immunosuppressive therapy which remained unchanged and uncontrolled during this period.	2
The knee pain and swelling responded promptly to the institution of empirical broad-spectrum antibiotics.	2
DESIGN: Observational case report.	2
Brief report: clonazepam behavioral side effects with an individual with mental retardation.	2
Rapidly progressive glomerulonephritis during antituberculous therapy.	2
It is suggested that charcoal haemoperfusion as well as cysteamine has a role in the management of severe overdosage with paracetamol.	2
In two patients the infection spread per continuum, in the other two patients due to haematogenous dissemination.	2
An investigation of malaria in a US patient without recent travel established Plasmodium falciparum molecular genotype identity in 2 patients who shared a hospital room.	2
In humans, 80-90% of an administered dose of 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) is degraded by dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase (DPD; EC 1.3.1.2), the initial rate-limiting enzyme in pyrimidine catabolism.	2
Management of liver failure in a haemophilic patient co-infected with human immunodeficiency and hepatitis C viruses.	2
Treating stridor with opioids: a challenging case of paradoxical vocal cord movement.	2
One plausible explanation is HSV reactivation secondary to localized immunosuppression from corticosteroid injection.	2
Moreover, the etiology of t-AML and mechanism of leukemogenesis are likely to be multifactorial and complex.	2
In the present paper, we report on two siblings with G6PD deficiency who developed haemolytic anaemia following topical application of henna to their whole body to treat skin lesions.	2
Initial single rinsing with phosphate does not produce corneal calcification (P=0.134).	2
The natural history of spontaneous coronary artery dissection that persists on angiography after the acute event has not been well characterized.	2
Although rare, there have been reported cases of primary cutaneous T-cell lymphoma occurring in this population.	2
Thrombophilia in the face of endocarditis should be treated with a suspicion of underlying cancer.	2
In animals, increased dietary sodium reduces renal toxicity.	2
PURPOSE: To report new indocyanine green angiographic (ICGA) findings after intravitreal bevacizumab (IVB) for myopic choroidal neovascularization (mCNV).	2
Protease inhibitor-associated angiolipomatosis.	2
CLINICAL PRESENTATION: Spine pain may precede neurologic deterioration by many hours.	2
Patient 1 is a 59-year-old woman who underwent delayed breast reconstruction with a free TRAM flap and presented with arterial thrombosis 12 days postoperatively.	2
The relationship between tardive OGC and clozapine is still unknown.	2
The patient in this report had long standing RA treated with MTX and had recently begun taking a cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) inhibitor.	2
Death ensued 3 days after the onset of the rash.	2
Perioperative records were reviewed for use of topical 1:1000 epinephrine and for any intraoperative or postoperative complications related to its use.	2
TEN is often a drug-induced reaction and virtually any drug class appears capable of provoking it.	2
We describe the clinical and histologic features of this chemical and traumatic alopecia as well as that of frontotemporal chronic traction alopecia resulting from use of sponge rollers.	2
DCF appears valuable as a second-line treatment in non-Hodgkin's lymphomas and as initial treatment in T-cell chronic lymphocytic leukaemia and mycosis fungoides.	2
Ichthyosiform erythrodermas and the 'half-baby syndrome' treated with an aromatic retinoid.	2
CONCLUSIONS: When central nervous system findings are observed in renal transplant recipients, nocardial brain abscess must be considered in the differential diagnosis.	2
The other patient had one of four primary BCCs respond completely, and the remaining three respond partially.	2
Laboratory tests revealed elevated serum creatine kinase, aspartate aminotransferase, alanine aminotransferase, and lactate dehydrogenase.	2
The congenital ichthyosiform erythrodermas have become readily treatable with an aromatic retinoid.	2
This therapy was ceased in four patients due to neutropenia (22%).	2
Choroidal detachment was diagnosed clinically and confirmed by echography.	2
The cervical sympathetic chain is composed of superior, middle, intermediate, and inferior cervical ganglia.	2
We report a case of simultaneous brain tuberculomas and scrofuloderma occurring in the same patient.	2
The prosthesis acts as a porous membrane which allows two opposite flows: the passage of blood from graft to bowel and germ migration from naturally septic bowel to blood.	2
This case study presents a situation in which a loss-of-resistance technique resulted in an inadvertent discogram.	2
Medicolegal problems in the management of cardiac arrhythmias in children.	2
Finally, the MDSs are defined, classified and discussed with respect to their relevance to the clinical periodontist, from a diagnostic, therapeutic, and management standpoint.	2
Cases include typical and unusual presentations of the syndrome, and commonly encountered problems and pitfalls of therapy.	2
Intensified chemotherapy is one of the strategies currently used in the treatment of children with metastatic Ewing sarcoma.	2
PATIENT: A 46-yr-old female with ventilator-dependent, proliferative-phase acute respiratory distress syndrome complicated by Pseudomonas aeruginosa bacteremia and sepsis.	2
Hypoxia was documented in one case and probably present in the other.	2
Neuroleptic malignant syndrome is an uncommon and potentially fatal idiosynchratic reaction of antipsychotic drugs, in which the clinical scenario encompass muscular rigidity, hyperthermia, autonomic dysfunction, altered consciousness, high creatinine phosphokinase levels, and leukocytosis.	2
There was a good correlation between the total dose of ACTH and the percentage decrease of brain parenchyma.	2
She had also been submitted to radiotherapy for a subcutaneous plasmacytoma, detected some months before, at the same site of the cutaneous lesions.	2
Treprostinil is labeled for treatment of pulmonary hypertension with New York Heart Association (NYHA) Class II, III and IV symptoms.	2
The authors report an open study of 30 cases of intradiscal injection of triamcinolone hexacetonide in the treatment of sciatica.	2
Five weeks after the diagnosis of systemic candidiasis, sudden anuria developed, and ultrasonography showed echogenic material in both renal pelvises.	2
To characterize the relationship between TPO levels and platelet counts in this setting we serially measured both parameters over the entire treatment period of patients receiving multicycle polychemotherapy.	2
Antithyroid treatment during pregnancy should allow the use not only of PTU but also of CBZ and methimazole.	2
METHODS: The patient was treated with an ICP-guided protocol including mild hyperventilation, normovolemia, head elevation and intermittent doses of mannitol.	2
We investigated whether clozapine used as a first-line antipsychotic drug can cause TD.	2
With aggressive supportive therapy, including hypertonic saline administration and hemodialysis, the patient fully recovered without detectable sequelae.	2
Poor bone vascularisation and reduced local defences prolong the defensive response.	2
The AUC was between 0 and 6 X 10 ng X min/ml, and AUC normalized to 1 mg/m2 of 6MP was between 0 and 815 ng X min/ml.	2
Previously reported cases of persistent proximal right umbilical vein have shown a variety of other malformations but a single umbilical artery has been the most consistent.	2
METHODS: The clinical suspicion of chickenpox was rapidly confirmed in both cases by a Tzanck smear preparation, by viral cultures of the vesicle, serology, and skin biopsy.	2
As an insoluble steroid aerosol, beclomethasone diproprionate was recently made available in the United States.	2
OBJECTIVES: To discuss the mechanism by which epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)-targeted agents work, the resulting cutaneous toxicities, the pathophysiology of the unique rash associated with these agents, and the management of these skin problems.	2
CONCLUSION: We report herein the fifth case of visceral leishmaniasis in a patient under TNF-alpha therapy, and the first one, to our knowledge, presenting a consequent secondary macrophagic activation syndrome.	2
The symptoms arose within 3-5 min after immersion in water, as a white sponge-like appearance, and resolved after a variable drying period.	2
In healthy persons, Candida-induced denture stomatitis is not serious; however, it should be considered a possible spearhead of systemic yeast infections in seriously ill patients, especially in those subjected to prolonged treatment with antibiotics, corticosteroids, or immunosuppressive drugs.	2
A healthy 42 yr-old woman presented with a left keratitis which she had had for 3 months.	2
The previous amphotericin B, granulocyte colony-stimulating factor, hyperbaric oxygen and nasal and left maxillary sinus surgical debridement therapy was ineffective in stopping the progression of the infection to the brain.	2
DISCUSSION: On four separate occasions the patient was challenged advertently or inadvertently, with sustained-release verapamil.	2
The tacalcitol treatment was terminated, seven days later, the serum calcium level had returned to the reference range without any specific treatment.	2
We report the displacement of a tunnelled intrathecal catheter causing significant cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) leak, resulting in partial coning and a sixth nerve palsy.	2
Although it has been reported that emboli from atherosclerotic disease may be more frequent than commonly appreciated, hepatic infarction caused by an arterial embolus is an unusual but serious complication.	2
Indium-111 platelet scintigraphy in a patient with chronic disseminated intravascular coagulation.	2
On admission she had 2-3+ pitting edema.	2
CASE SUMMARY: A 66-year-old man with a background history of breast carcinoma was admitted with pleuritic chest pain.	2
In rats, prophylactic lithium administration inhibits reserpine-induced dopamine depletion in the brain.	2
We present the first case of GVO-complicated pyogenic portosplenic vein thrombosis which led to persistent Klebsiella pneumoniae septicemia.	2
It is also interesting that one of our cases develop RSDS long after transplantation when immunosuppressive treatment was changed.	2
We speculate that in addition to the administration of M-CSF, hypercytokinemia during the early phase post-alloBMT might have contributed to the onset of HPS in this patient.	2
Five of these patients had an Ahmed shunt implant, 3 had anterior vitrectomy during surgery, and 4 had a soft contact lens in place.	2
RESULTS: A woman with a >15-year history of ovarian cancer experienced severe neurotoxicity (peripheral neuropathy, hearing loss), underwent aggressive resection of asymptomatic and long-standing metastatic disease in the liver (with tumor recurrence <1 year after surgery), and subsequently died of secondary acute leukemia.	2
This encouraging result suggests that BMT from an unrelated donor should be considered for ATL even if the disease is refractory to chemotherapy.	2
A 42-year-old Thai man was administered the combination drugs liponavir/ritonavir and abacavir/lamivudine.	2
We also discuss the apparent increased thrombotic risk in patients receiving a VAD for chemotherapy induced cardiomyopathy and the implications this may have for the choice of VAD.	2
Adrenal suppression was discontinued, and she was reevaluated for hypercortisolism.	2
In a dose titration study we tested the efficacy and tolerance of recombinant human erythropoietin (rhEPO) in 10 patients with myelodysplasia (MDS) and 2 patients with idiopathic myelofibrosis.	2
One other case of tocolysis-induced vulvar edema has been reported, as have five cases of postpartum vulvar edema, associated with an 80% maternal mortality rate.	2
We believe this practice is inappropriate because of the inability of ACE inhibitors to lower blood pressure in patients with low renin levels.	2
Single photon emission computed tomography (SPECT) revealed a low density of presynaptic dopamine transporters in our patient's brain.	2
Here we report a 75-year-old woman with acute left middle cerebral artery occlusion who developed right internal carotid artery occlusion during the last minutes of recombinant tissue plasminogen activator infusion.	2
Given the wide use of gemcitabine following chemoradiation for pancreatic cancer, providers should be aware of this potential complication.	2
It must be considered as a potential source of cerebral hemorrhage in elderly patients undergoing thrombolysis for cardiac ischemia.	2
A case is presented where combined intravitreal triamcinolone and photodynamic therapy stopped the progression of the exudative macular degeneration.	2
Use of recombinant human hemopoietic colony-stimulating factor was reported to be of benefit in patients who developed agranulocytosis, although there is still some doubt regarding the efficacy in AA.	2
We report a 7 year old boy, who developed clinical and echocardiographical findings of pericardial constriction 5 weeks after a cardiac surgery, which resolved with steroid therapy.	2
The patient then became psychotic again and has since experienced periodic phases similar to the previous illness.	2
It is suggested that the plasma electrolytes of patients at risk should be monitored.	2
Prolongation of the prothrombin time owing to a transient reduction in factor VII activity is described in a 14-month-old child with organophosphate poisoning.	2
For nearly half a century, FMF was thought to cluster primarily in non-Ashkenazi Jews, Arabs, Armenians, and Turks, although the screening of the 8 known mutations in an American cohort has identified substantial numbers of people from the Ashkenazi Jewish and Italian populations in the United States who also have this disease.	2
Fomepizole (4-methylpyrazole; Antizol) is used increasingly in the treatment of methanol toxicity in adults.	2
Leukemia relapse occurred 82 days later.	2
False-positive proteinuria by acid precipitation testing in tolmetin-treated patients has been noted on routine urinalysis screening.	2
A complete remission was achieved in 96% of children in relapse and in five out of six children resistant to induction.	2
Neutropenic colitis has been thought to be a serious gastrointestinal complication associated with chemotherapy for hematological malignancy.	2
Biopsy of the skin lesions revealed leukaemia cutis, which led to the discovery of acute myelogenous leukaemia.	2
AILD is characterized by generalized lymphadenopathy, hepatosplenomegaly, immunological abnormalities, polyclonal hypergammaglobulinemia and anemia.	2
The granular layer was preserved and, in some areas, hypergranulosis was found (Fig.	2
The presence of lichen ruber planus and GH insufficiency probably secondary to empty sella are two unusual findings in patients with APECED.	2
While peripheral neuropathy and cranial nerve involvement is common, optic neuropathy is extremely rare.	2
RESULTS: Therapy consisted of 4 cycles of paclitaxel chemotherapy.	2
His condition improved without complications following the discontinuation of oral prednisolone and replacement with intravenous methylprednisolone.	2
A severe lidocaine intoxication by cutaneous absorption is described.	2
Early replacement therapy is recommended when proximal renal tubular abnormalities are detected to help prevent and control the severe metabolic bone disease associated with the Fanconi syndrome.	2
Six years after treatment he had a progressive increase in the platelet count and was diagnosed as essential thrombocythemia.	2
A primigravid woman presented at 11 weeks gestation with bilateral femoral occlusive thrombi extending above the renal veins.	2
Irritative skin reactions were observed only at higher testings doses, in contrast to the allergic type of reaction, which occurred at a lower testing dose.	2
These results indicate that the hyponatremia in this case was due to SIADH and that SIADH was caused by an increased release of vasopressin probably because of the antiviral drug (acyclovir) or infection of varicella zoster virus (VZV) in a single dermatome.	2
Best-corrected visual acuity was 6/60 in both eyes.	2
Long-term neuroleptic therapy in chronic anorexia nervosa complicated by tardive dyskinesia.	2
Intravenous TMP/SMX failed to improve the lesion.	2
The patient' condition improved after rapid tapering of her epoprostenol and administration of corticosteroids.	2
He developed significant ischemic changes in standard 12-lead electrocardiogram, transiently raised cardiac enzymes, reduced left ventricular systolic function, pulmonary edema and pulmonary hemorrhage.	2
Since this reaction was not present on the original aspiration cytology slides, the chemotherapy treatment must have induced this reaction.	2
The other evaluable patients showed stable disease with improved symptoms.	2
This reaction was considered to fit with coronary vasospasm.	2
The use of adenosine has been suggested as a diagnostic tool in the evaluation of wide ORS complex tachycardia.	2
Need for an urgent ultrasound examination for neck lump.	2
I report the case of a patient who developed tuberculosis after a Billroth II subtotal gastrectomy, malabsorbed his antibiotics, and subsequently manifested infection with a drug-resistant strain of M tuberculosis.	2
The patient had flowing ossification along thoracic spine resembling diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis (DISH), but there was no ligament calcification in the lumbar spine or pelvis.	2
Extensive microbiological investigation remained negative and video-assisted thoracoscopic lung biopsy demonstrated diffuse alveolar damage.	2
Progression of the clinical picture was documented over 15 years of follow-up.	2
Ocular symptoms began between 3 and 6 months after transplantation.	2
This is the first report to document ocular motor abnormalities associated with midbrain dysfunction in ODS.	2
Previous studies have noted the difficulty in performing accurate injections into this area.	2
We report a series of three patients who whilst using topical facial steroids developed advanced glaucoma.	2
However, these patients may be admitted to an intensive care unit (ICU) with complications of Wolff Parkinson White (WPW) syndrome; for example post cardiopulmonary arrest or WPW as a co-morbidity.	2
Manifestations included pleurisy in five of six patients, rashes in three, nephritis in two, and neurologic disturbances in two; lupus erythematosus cells were found in five patients, antinuclear antibodies in all six, antideoxyribonucleic acid in three, positive Coombs' test results for three patients, and low C4 complement in five of the six.	2
Currently, patients who suffer from this do not need mechanical ventilation, and the toxicity can be difficult to diagnose when it occurs in patient with an illness producing pulmonary manifestations.	2
A case of Kluver-Bucy syndrome associated with delayed cerebral necrosis after radiation therapy and chemotherapy is reported.	2
Intra-arterial corticosteroid injection at the wrist can have devastating consequences.	2
Embolization of a fragmented thrombus or/and attenuation of the lytic state leading to fresh embolization is/are the possible mechanism(s).	2
RESULTS: Onset of symptoms of infection occurred after a mean of 20 days (range, 11 days-6 weeks) after LASIK or an enhancement procedure.	2
METHODS: We present a case in a 71-year-old man who underwent an operation for CPS fixation and laminoplasty for cervical spondylomyelopathy.	2
Results of laboratory studies were normal and the patient was treated with topical therapy.	2
Two cases of sacroiliitis due to P. avidum have been reported.	2
Although the patient's symptoms are consistent with those of the condition, she did not respond to treatment with haloperidol, flunarizine, or propranolol.	2
Four months after treatment was initiated, there was no evidence of recurrent fungal keratitis or endophthalmitis.	2
Therapeutic options to treat this dangerous imbalance comprise calcium gluconate, insulin plus glucose, albuterol/salbutamol inhalation.	2
Combination therapy with i.a. urokinase, i.a. prostaglandines and i.v. anticoagulation resulted in re-opening of the obstructed distal artery and complete cessation of symptoms.	2
Long-term clinical outcome after accidental overdose of multiple chemotherapeutic agents.	2
Inadvertent substitution of acetohexamide for acetozolamide.	2
Case report.	2
She did not use contact lenses postoperatively.	2
The rarity of this association with these types of malignancy, together with possible mechanism, is discussed in a brief review of the literature.	2
RESULTS: There were several systemic complications including coagulopathy, hypocalcemia and pancreatitis.	2
Early signs of toxicity in the 2 survivors were peripheral neuropathy (day 4), bone marrow toxicity (day 5), gastrointestinal toxicity (days 6 and 7), and hypertension (days 7 and 8).	2
Psychosis associated with oral contraceptive-induced chorea.	2
Nitrofurantoin, one of the antimicrobial agents which should be chosen for the prophylactic treatment of recurrent urinary tract infection, may be prescribed in the conventional form or, alternatively, as macrocrystals.	2
Except for one episode of grade 4 leucopenia which required hospitalization and granulocyte colony-stimulating factor (GCSF) treatment, all adverse events resolved with dose reduction or dose omission.	2
One patient had an implant of serous papillary carcinoma of low malignant potential at the trocar sites after laparoscopic oophorectomy.	2
Platelet recovery and clinical improvement coincided with administration of rituximab.	2
A unilateral fixed and dilated pupil was noted.	2
Quinine is universally used for the very common symptom of night leg cramps.	2
Diabetic symptoms dominated the clinical presentation but there was no tendency towards diabetic ketoacidosis.	2
At hospital discharge, platelet testing showed hyper response to antiplatelet therapy with very low post treatment platelet reactivity.	2
Calciphylaxis in a patient with rheumatoid arthritis without renal failure and hyperparathyroidism: the possible role of long-term steroid use and protein S deficiency.	2
Most studies report incidence rates ranging from 1.5 to 3%.	2
Extensive osseous tophi, resorbed rapidly during therapy with this xanthine oxidase inhibitor and not replaced by new bone matrix, were responsible for the deformity.	2
He began treatment with dopamine agonists bromocriptine mesylate (in 1984) and pergolide mesylate (in 1989).	2
Patients in whom CSC develops while using corticosteroid inhalers or nasal sprays should be alerted to the possible relationship between CSC and these agents.	2
Photo-onycholysis associated with drugs is an uncommon disorder.	2
Patch tests with flurbiprofen were positive 48 and 72 h after application.	2
In this report, we assess the possibility that exposure of the angle-supported AC IOL haptics caused the endophthalmitis.	2
Standard induction chemotherapy [cytosine arabinoside (ARA-C) and daunorubicin (DNR) for AML, vincristine (VCR), DNR and prednisone (PDN) for ALL, all-trans retinoic acid (ATRA) and DNR for APML] with the antracycline dose of at least 30 mg/sqm were used.	2
A novel approach to central venous catheter thrombosis in a patient with cystic fibrosis.	2
A 15-year-old boy had temporary hypertropia, supraduction deficit, ipsilateral mydriasis, and accommodative paresis after bilateral endoscopic ethmoidectomy, bilateral partial inferior turbinectomy, septoplasty, and Caldwell-Luc procedures for chronic sinusitis.	2
The improvements were more marked at 6 months and 1 year.	2
Perforation of the bladder seems to be iatrogenic (primary) or drug-induced (secondary).	2
Indeed, the reported annual number of imported malaria cases increased to not less than 100.	2
Unusual cause of methadone poisoning.	2
The corresponding urine concentrations amounted to 374 and 554 mg/l.	2
At autopsy, typical angiodestructive and angiocentric lesions with large lymphoid cells (immunoblasts) were found in the lungs and mediastinal nodes.	2
Treatment of mycosis fungoides with topical nitrosourea compounds: Further studies.	2
Our observations suggest a new model for metabolic encephalopathy studies and provide insight into the mechanisms of pigmentary retinopathy.	2
He had a permanent pacemaker inserted 4 years previously for Mobitz type II AV block detected on stress electrocardiogram, which developed 1 month after initiation of lopinavir/ritonavir.	2
Exceptionally long status and stupor increase the risk of medical complications.	2
Persistent ashen-gray maculae 5-7 mm in diameter and freckles developed after prolonged PUVA therapy of psoriasis.	2
Intrathecal administration of rituximab may be a feasible approach in children with PTLD in the CNS.	2
She had received 18 courses six years earlier without incident.	2
The Karnofsky score calculated in 29 patients showed improvement in all patients except those aged greater than 70 years.	2
Moderate lymphocytic infiltration of the substantia propria of the conjunctiva of both upper and lower lid specimens was present, as was scarring and keratinization of the epithelium.	2
RESULTS: Oral administration of the beta-blocker propranolol resulted in clinical and echocardiographic improvement of the left ventricular outflow tract obstruction.	2
Although a surgical approach has been emphasized in patients with peripheral vein suppurative thrombophlebitis, anticoagulation therapy may be a useful alternative in the treatment of patients with central vein infection.	2
Thus, the transient increase in blood glucose was not related to a pre-diabetic status.	2
Plasma levels of alprazolam, a substrate for the 3A4 isozyme, fell rapidly when nefazodone was discontinued, presumably because of renewed 3A4 isoenzyme activity.	2
Two patients developed acute cholangitis and 2 patients experienced skin phototoxicity.	2
The conditions treated were: Hodgkin's disease (four patients), primary amyloidosis, primary macroglobulinemia, malignant lymphoma, multiple myeloma, and carcinoma of the tonsil.	2
Typhlitis is usually seen in the setting of severe chemotherapy-induced neutropenia for acute leukaemia.	2
In two cases of chronic schizophrenia complicated by diabetes mellitus, the concomitant use of the neuroleptica and oral antidiabetics was attended by the appearance of symptoms simulative of syndrome malin, i.e. hyperpyrexia, tachycardia, blood pressure instability, disturbances of consciousness, muscle rigidity, tremor, dysphagia, salivation and urinary incontinence.	2
Acute pancreatitis and amiodarone: a case report.	2
The Japanese literature was reviewed for reports on this allergy, and the occurrence due to budesonide was compared with that of other dermocorticosteroids.	2
Safety of thrombolysis during cardiopulmonary resuscitation.	2
The tympanic membrane perforation would be treated with antibiotic/steroid drops.	2
The patient's second acceleration occurred 22 months after the CML diagnosis.	2
Anti-platelet therapy with clopidogrel has been shown to reduce both acute and chronic events in patients with NSTE ACS, including patients undergoing PCI.	2
Class effect of erythropoietin therapy on hemoglobin A(1c) in a patient with diabetes mellitus and chronic kidney disease not undergoing hemodialysis.	2
IFN-beta-1b therapy was then resumed, and the patient is in remission for both nephrotic syndrome and MS.	2
The serious clinical state of NE patients requires very frequent surgical consultations; however, in a few particular cases of NE, e.g., perforation of the bowels, a surgical intervention is necessary.	2
This condition rapidly diminished after administration of intravenous antihistaminics and did not necessitate cessation of VRC treatment.	2
GVHD occurs when immunologically active T lymphocytes are transplanted into an immunosuppressed recipient who is genetically disparate from the donor.	2
The eruption cleared on withdrawal of the drug.	2
CLINICAL PICTURE: A 60-year-old Indonesian male presented initially with fever, acute confusion and rapidly progressive right upper lobe pneumonia 3.5 months post-liver transplant, and was diagnosed with pulmonary tuberculosis by positive sputum smear for acid-fast bacilli and tuberculosis culture.	2
On examination, she was slightly confused, mildly dehydrated, had a grade II systolic ejection murmur along the upper left sternal border, had bilateral and symmetric mild weakness of the upper and lower extremities, and exhibited mild edema of the lower extremities.	2
UL97 genotyping was carried out on peripheral blood samples, using a nested in-house PCR, which amplified the full-length UL97 gene.	2
Malignant gliomas encompassing the eloquent areas cannot be removed totally and their surgical extirpation is followed by adjuvant therapy for the residual tumor.	2
Her symptoms and pulmonary nodules resolved following treatment with corticosteroids.	2
The scant information available in the published literature regarding this phenomenon is reviewed with regard to 5-fluorouracil.	2
The TC occurred in the absence of hyperparathyroidism or a high calcium x phosphate product as evidenced by hormonal and biochemical examination as well as by a bone biopsy specimen that revealed an adynamic bone disease with significant aluminum staining.	2
Cell culture was performed on samples collected from a corneal scraping, the contact lenses and the storage cases.	2
Although a definitive causal relationship between the steroids and AI was not established, their temporal association and the exclusion of other possible etiologies led us to postulate that AI was a complication of the steroid protocol.	2
With this initial therapy we have had no treatment failures.	2
One large and obstructive thrombus with a long and mobile component, and other smaller and mobile thrombi were detected.	2
Cardiobacterium hominis endocarditis in a patient with a hypersensitivity reaction to penicillin.	2
The obligatory use of fluoroscopy for placement of epidural steroids is controversial.	2
The case of a 65-year-old male migraine patient with spontaneous internal carotid artery dissection is presented.	2
The subintensive supervision consisted of instrumental monitoring with the assistance of an intensive care anesthetist.	2
The prognostic significance of this pattern in drug overdose is therefore not definitive by itself.	2
C. striatum should be recognized as a potential pathogen in both immunocompromised and normal hosts in the appropriate circumstances, and appropriate antimicrobial therapy can quickly lead to resolution of infection.	2
A case is reported in which posterior synechiae to the manufacturer's trademark on the surface of a Shearing intraocular lens were noted ten days after the implantation of the lens.	2
Efficacy and safety of Etanercept, high-dose intravenous gammaglobulin and plasmapheresis combined therapy for lupus diffuse proliferative nephritis complicating pregnancy.	2
These reports suggest the possibility that the risk of developing hyperglycemia and diabetic coma with this combination may be greater than when taking diuretics alone.	2
She also volunteered she had never had a menstrual period and physical examination identified several features of Turner's syndrome.	2
The failure of parenteral copper therapy in Menkes Kinky Hair syndrome.	2
Heparin sodium is routinely used in the prophylaxis against deep venous thrombosis in medical and surgical patients.	2
Tracheobronchial obstruction was ruled out by investigation with a fiberoptic bronchoscope.	2
OBJECTIVE: To report the case of a patient with a prior allergy to a sulfonamide antibiotic who subsequently developed the same reaction when administered various loop diuretics.	2
Rare instances of autoimmune conditions have been observed in association with its use.	2
Moreover, as the pathophysiology of this disorder becomes less of a hypothesis and more of an understood entity, it is likely that treatment options will broaden beyond the use of daily prophylactic colchicine.	2
Chest radiograph revealed diffuse bilateral infiltrates.	2
She was diagnosed to have pulmonary sarcoidosis at stage II, and the combination treatment was discontinued.	2
A scan of fetal neck region is recommended in patients with current or previous history of thyroid disease, or if neck extension is noted on routine examination of fetal spine.	2
Drug provocation test is a controlled drug treatment which aims at making diagnosis of hypersensitivity reaction to drugs.	2
Its immunomodulatory properties, however, may allow its future use in the treatment of psoriasis.	2
The patient had a history of alcohol abuse; alcohol intake as well as withdrawal can also cause seizures.	2
Development of obsessive-compulsive behaviour following cortisone treatment.	2
The resuscitation attempt was unsuccessful, and the patient was pronounced dead.	2
The subjects received the urinary sediment test before and during the study for screening urinary tract infection and the study was discontinued when urinary tract infection was found.	2
In two cases, death was believed to be a direct consequence of HUS.	2
Asthma is a chronic inflammatory condition of the airway, characterised by the presence of airflow obstruction which is variable over short periods of time, or is reversible with treatment.	2
No further problems were encountered over the follow-up period of nine months.	2
RESULTS: Three patients (one woman, two men) with a mean age of 76.3 years developed neovascularization at the L-CRA site and underwent treatment as described with a mean follow-up time of 7 months.	2
A suggestion is made to monitor blood formic acid levels and institute prompt dialysis whenever these exceed 80 mg. per 100 ml. to avert such a catastrophe.	2
Cryptococcal meningitis in a child with systemic lupus erythematosus.	2
One minute after intrathecal injection of 3.5 mL of solution, the patient developed myoclonus of his lower extremities.	2
Serious maternal bradycardia and asystole in laboring parturients after combined spinal-epidural labor analgesia are rare.	2
RESULTS: Of a total of 231 patients, 13 (5.6%) developed an infection of the central venous line, with fever that was very high in some cases.	2
Otolaryngologists should be made aware of a newer cause of nasal septal perforations resulting from the more recent antiangiogenic therapy used to treat malignancies.	2
On the next day, she complained of gingival bleeding and purpura again, and her platelet count was 5000/mm3.	2
Patients with TSHoma-associated autoimmune thyroiditis should undergo careful follow-up for development of Graves' disease after treatment.	2
We suspect that a similar immunological pathway played a role in the pathogenesis of AGEP appearing in psoriasis and ulcerative colitis.	2
She had multiple orthopedic interventions for kidney-related osteoarticular problems probably favored by the kidney graft and the immunosuppressive treatment.	2
Post resuscitation there was no myocardial infarction and she had complete neurological recovery.	2
She had been receiving monthly transfusions of IVIG, but this time had received daily infusions for 5 days rather than 1 day.	2
Although thrombolysis per se can cause severe and potentially fatal haemorrhage, there is no evidence that severe bleeding events occur more often when thrombolysis is combined with cardiocompressions.	2
Sister chromatid exchanges (SCEs), a sensitive measure of chromosome damage, were counted in peripheral-blood lymphocytes from 10 patients with Behcet's syndrome receiving chlorambucil.	2
Immune reconstitution syndrome following initiation of antiretroviral therapy in a patient with HIV infection and multidrug-resistant tuberculosis.	2
RESULTS: Ten eyes in 6 patients with late-onset interface inflammation and increased intraocular pressure were identified.	2
Bone marrow aspirations showed hypocellular-normocellular bone marrow, 98% of plasma cells.	2
Patients treated with 5-ASA compounds who experience acute inflammatory symptoms or clinical deterioration not related to their gastrointestinal disease should be screened to rule out a lupus-like reaction.	2
Since complete surgical excision was not feasible, she was treated with repeated multiple local injections of triamcinolone acetonide.	2
CONCLUSIONS: The optimal anticoagulant for use in a patient with HIT and concurrent hepatic and renal failure is unclear.	2
It gives an 'acetowhite' effect that may assist clinicians in identifying neoplastic areas.	2
We describe a case of spontaneous muscle necrosis of the anterior tibial compartment occurring in a patient who had a hypophysectomy for a craniopharyngioma five years previously.	2
The authors review the literature on this aspect and highlight the dangers of starting lithium treatment in patients with neurologic impairment.	2
The mean hematocrit level in the study population was 19.8% before therapy and 31.5% after therapy.	2
Pediatric neurosurgeons commonly instill vancomycin into the ventricles to treat shunt infections.	2
Cerebrospinal fluid smear showed the ie, Streptococcus agalactiae that grew on blood wound culture, sent at the time of admission.	2
In addition to the therapeutic benefits, prospective monitoring of free SDC in two of the patients also may have resulted in cost savings secondary to reduced hospital stay or less use of Fab.	2
The patient and her parents underwent molecular analysis of the CYP2C19 gene, which may be implicated in the metabolism of this drug.	2
It represents one of the few documented cases of delayed clearance of echovirus in the cerebrospinal fluid in a patient with normal serum immunoglobulins.	2
Ninety-nine of 171 (57.9%) patients were also prescribed prednisone.	2
Difficulty with anticoagulation may still be experienced with the newer formulations.	2
He was treated by TACE.	2
Drug withdrawal resulted in a slow and progressive reduction in bilirubin levels and liver enzymes.	2
The patient expired 13 d after admission.	2
If these patients are nonimmune, they would be candidates for varicella-zoster immune globulin on exposure, and for acyclovir therapy should varicella dissemination occur.	2
Nitrofurantoin therapy was discontinued.	2
With the diagnosis of therapy-related acute myeloid leukemia (AML) secured, he began induction chemotherapy with idarubicin and cytarabine.	2
Acute liver dysfunction complicated with uncontrollable glycemia due to insulin antibody: successful treatment with glucocorticoid and lispro insulin.	2
In these patients, it might be more adequate to start mirtazapine therapy at a lower dose (<15 mg/d).	2
The median age of these patients at the time of AML diagnosis was 39 years (range, 33-59 years), the median time from the treatment of lymphoma to AML was 18 months (range, 11-48 months), and the median survival following induction chemotherapy was 4 weeks (range, 2-16 weeks).	2
Obstructive ileus is not common, but is a very distressing syndrome in a palliative care unit.	2
RESULTS: The cases described constitute a drug-induced lupus-like syndrome.	2
The multiple drug schema consisted of: Etoposide 16.213, Methotrexate, Cyclophosphamide, Actomycin-D, and Cisplatin.	2
She also had been treated with oral conjugated equine estrogen (Premarin) because of congenital pituitary dysfunction.	2
The absence of an obvious pelvic infection or nongynecologic etiology of the abscess made the case particularly unusual.	2
Diagnosis was confirmed by 16S ribosomal RNA gene sequencing of bacterial colonies growing from the extracted device.	2
This was associated with polyuria but no significant hyponatraemia.	2
The patient had successfully completed both induction and consolidation chemotherapy without steroid administration.	2
The occurrence of allergic reactions to steroids is reviewed, and suggestions for management of pulsed IV methylprednisolone therapy are made.	2
Initial cardiopulmonary resuscitation and immediate treatment with adrenaline (epinephrine), atropine and furosemide was successful.	2
We report the cases of two patients, previously operated for mitral mechanical valve replacement who developed thrombosis of the prosthesis.	2
Therefore, thorough investigation with an ultrasound-guided aspiration followed by an early drainage of the collection is warranted and mandatory.	2
Creatinine 8 days earlier was 0.9 mg/dL (79.6 micromol/L).	2
Based on newly published data we have applied an infusion of both compounds, 5-FU and calcium folinate, mixed together in an ambulatory pump.	2
A positive rechallenge occurred in seven cases (20%).	2
Occasionally, parasites are noted in the sputum.	2
Hyperammonemia after high-dose chemotherapy and stem cell transplantation.	2
Also, adverse effects and other treatment problems from the experience of continuous treatment of 19 LEMS patients with 3,4-DAP for up to 10 years are presented.	2
Five days after discharge he was readmitted for similar symptoms, including an 11.8-kg weight gain.	2
The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) licensed Rh(o)(D) immune globulin intravenous (anti-D IGIV) on March 24, 1995, for treatment of immune thrombocytopenic purpura (ITP).	2
The use of modern multiagent therapy often makes it difficult to appropriately apportion blame for causation of specific side effects.	2
Taken together with other evidence that fluoroquinolones lower seizure threshold, this report suggests fluoroquinolones should be avoided in patients receiving ECT.	2
Recently, a number of prospective, randomized, double-blind trials have shown their success in the management of rheumatoid arthritis, with dapsone being superior to placebo and comparable to chloroquine and hydroxychloroquine.	2
Here, we report for the first time the induction of a subfulminant autoimmune hepatitis (AIH) after four months of a successful treatment of HCV-1b infection using peg-IFN and ribavirin, in a 48-year-old woman co-infected with HIV.	2
Cultures grew Staphylococcus epidermidis, only in liquid (broth) media, in 3 cases; the other 5 showed no growth.	2
The relationship between chronic inflammatory conditions and malignancy is complex.	2
We report 4 cases in patients with Cystic Fibrosis (CF) associated with totally implantable venous access device system (TIVADS).	2
A 57-year-old man with nodular rheumatoid arthritis was started on a combination of etanercept and methotrexate.	2
The tinnitus is thought to be secondary to rhythmic involuntary movements of the soft palate.	2
A high percentage experienced good to excellent results.	2
Pentavalent antimonial drugs used for the treatment of leishmaniasis have been associated with sudden deaths, probably due to the development of ventricular tachyarrhythmias.	2
Evidence-based mental health use of anticonvulsants during pregnancy.	2
This phenomenon mimics the extrarenal production of 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D by activated alveolar macrophages in granulomatous diseases with hypercalcemia.	2
The spectrum of antimicrobial activity of albendazole and its efficacy in the treatment of intestinal microsporidiosis are reviewed.	2
CONCLUSION: Treatment of hypotension with beta-agonists in VLBW infants with left ventricular hypertrophy can lead to hypercontractility and left ventricular obliteration with paradoxical hypotension.	2
The neck ultrasonography revealed the presence of non-vascularized oval mass in the left submandibular area with an irregular sonostructure.	2
RESULTS: All three patients responded to risperidone and experienced no extrapyramidal side effects.	2
One patient who was weaned and survived had multiple thromboembolic strokes.	2
The patient became afebrile after 48 h, and his general condition improved within 36 h.	2
Phototesting with artificial light sources did not have any effect on the DSP lesions.	2
Elevated intraocular pressure was noted on average 28 days after presentation (range, 8-69).	2
RESULTS: Both patients treated with bilateral subthalamotomy developed unilateral choreoballistic movements immediately after surgery, despite not taking levodopa (L-dopa).	2
Anticoagulation was maintained and the prognosis remained good.	2
No invasive vascular procedure had been performed.	2
We hypothesized that VVR induced inflammation and adversely affected mucociliary function, and tested this hypothesis in an animal model of airway inflammation.	2
The daily carboplatin dose was calculated based on the Calvert formula, using a target area under the plasma concentration-time curve (AUC) value of 3.25 mg.min/ml and applying the Cockcroft-Gault equation to estimate the glomerular filtration rate.	2
DESIGN: A small noncomparative interventional case series.	2
He responded favorably to hemodialysis.	2
In this case this activation of the calcium sensing receptor was triggered by amikacin.	2
Treatment with tacrolimus ointment completely resolved the oral lesions after 2 months of therapy.	2
Additionally, clinically effective doses of conventional antipsychotics can actually aggravate negative symptoms through the development of extrapyramidal symptoms (EPS).	2
Is the use of rFVIIa safe and effective in bleeding neonates? A retrospective series of 8 cases.	2
Regional lipiodolized chemotherapy for cholangiocarcinoma associated with oral contraceptives.	2
Dramatic clinical improvement followed prednisone therapy.	2
Sturge Weber syndrome with intraoral manifestations.	2
DESIGN: Observational case report.	2
Corticosteroid therapy was continued for 8 months since there was still improvement of pulmonary function studies.	2
Serology excluded an active infection.	2
Physician awareness of the occurrence of a variety of muscle disorders including polymyositis in thyroid disease is emphasised.	2
Prosthetic valve endocarditis caused by metallo-beta-lactamase-producing Pseudomonas aeruginosa.	2
Thirty-four thousand one hundred eighty-one patients with computerized ECGs were screened for QTc prolongation.	2
Laser in situ keratomileusis (LASIK) carries the risk of infection.	2
Iron was absent.	2
Because of tumor progression, therapy was discontinued after a cumulative dose of adriamycin of 120 mg/m2.	2
Recently, the use of octreotide has been described as an alternative treatment in these patients.	2
Since, in some cases of eye burns, we have found corneal calcifications to be related to the initial calciferous caustic agents and to the use of phosphate-buffer-containing fluids, we have reviewed our files of clinical eye burns for the incidence and appearance of corneal calcification.	2
Paraneoplastic systemic sclerosis (SSc) occurs in about 3%-7% of individuals with SSc.	2
After disulfiram therapy was discontinued, symptoms subsided and results of liver function tests returned to normal.	2
Psychoendocrine sequelae of chronic testosterone deficiency.	2
The total amount ingested range from 14.3 to 99.3 mg/kg (mean, 54 mg/kg).	2
Four months later, she continued to exhibit decreased fluency and dysarthria with ataxia.	2
A causal relationship of phrenal neuropathy with adalimumab is herein discussed.	2
The majority of patients were men and had a relatively early onset of parkinsonian symptomatology.	2
A 50-year-old male patient was started on erlotinib as a third-line chemotherapy.	2
Her serum creatinine phosphokinase level was 19,190 IU/L.	2
Histological studies confirmed the diagnosis of KS and documented its complete regression.	2
The response to intravenous corticosteroids was dramatic, but lesions recurred after their withdrawal.	2
We reviewed the literature on the effects of corticosteroids and chemotherapy on aaa formation and discuss possible mechanisms for drug action to promote aneurysm expansion and rupture.	2
We present a case of mucormycosis primarily affecting the paranasal sinuses in a 51-year-old man with a kidney allograft.	2
DPD activity was normal in both patients.	2
Reflex vasospasm induced by the injection trauma may be etiologically involved.	2
There was no evidence of renal hypoperfusion or interstitial nephritis.	2
Acute intravenous--intra-arterial revascularization therapy for severe ischemic stroke.	2
Acute renal failure caused by fungal bezoar: a late complication of Candida sepsis associated with central catheterization.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Because blebitis may be prodromal to endophthalmitis, aggressive antimicrobial therapy, perhaps with oral quinolones, is warranted.	2
CASE REPORT: A 68-year-old woman experienced a severe febrile reaction after a plateletpheresis transfusion.	2
The ophthalmological examination was normal, except for extensive bilateral maculopathy with shining crystalline deposits, central and peripheral visual field defects, slightly affected scotopic and photopic potentials in the flash-ERG, and an abnormal m-ERG.	2
Portal vein thrombosis responded to thrombolytic infusion into the superior mesenteric artery.	2
Effects of the two forms of pulse appear similar.	2
During the first day of infusion, she began having severe shortness of breath.	2
Our case is that of a 44-year-old woman, along with a review of the literature.	2
Patients who present to the Emergency Department after ingestion of excessive amounts of suflonylurea medications often have hypoglycemia refractory to dextrose administration.	2
HCV RNA was positive in serum, and chronic HCV infection was detected by liver biopsy.	2
Prompt diagnosis and surgery offer excellent chances of surviving this fatal condition.	2
Chronic ergot toxicity presenting with bilateral external iliac artery dissection and lower extremity rest pain.	2
The linear dimensions and SOMA scale were, respectively, 8 x 6 cm and 11 at 6 months; 4 x 4 cm and 7 at 12 months; and complete response with no measurable RIF and 1 at 18 months.	2
Drug eruption associated with sulfonamide treatment of vertebral osteomyelitis in a dog.	2
A second renal biopsy was performed, which confirmed the diagnosis of acute interstitial nephritis.	2
In random trials of id injection, observation under clinical and laboratory conditions showed improvement in 63% (17/27) of the patients treated for 6 months with appropriate doses of di-Lex (III3FucnLc4), and in 72% (31/43) of those treated with an identical protocol for TCA.	2
CONCLUSION: For severe cases of TiACG that are associated with very high intraocular pressures, the combination of mannitol and methylprednisolone can induce a rapid improvement.	2
Report of a case and review of the literature.	2
Actinomyces-like organisms were seen on cervico-vaginal smears.	2
Electroconvulsive therapy and antibiotics: a case report.	2
We believe that this impairment in driving performance, due to deliberate overuse of dopaminergic medication, should be included as a new behavioural phenomenon in dopamine dysregulation syndrome.	2
After switching to a barbiturate-free schedule, his condition continued to be unstable for more than 21 MPB half-lives (approx. 30 days) and did not stabilize until MPB-metabolites dropped below their urinary detection limit.	2
The paper outlines the correct treatment and discusses the deleterious effects of incorrect administration of drugs in WPW syndrome.	2
Neurological evaluation of children with ALL at diagnosis and during treatment is of value in order to diagnose neurological complications early so that appropriate intervention can be adopted.	2
Repetitive paroxysms of supraventricular tachyarrhythmias triggered during pediatric cardiac interventions: suppression after short infusion of amiodarone.	2
Diphenhydramine is generally considered an innocuous drug with a minimal risk for abuse and untoward side effects.	2
The influence of diuretic therapy in combination with lithium is felt to enhance the risk of intoxication.	2
In this uncontrolled series of patients with recalcitrant palmoplantar pompholyx, methotrexate was an effective treatment and acted as a steroid-sparing agent.	2
Sibutramine, a serotonin reuptake inhibitor, currently is used in treatment of obesity.	2
Lithium's effect of parathyroid hormone.	2
In three patients, involuntary movements emerged during the course of treatment and in the others only after discontinuation of the drug.	2
Possible relationships between the white matter lesions and extrinsic toxic agents are discussed.	2
Careful pretreatment screening and rigorous monitoring patients are recommended to help prevent this life-threatening event.	2
Case report: persistent cytomegalovirus (CMV) infection after haploidentical hematopoietic stem cell transplantation using in vivo alemtuzumab: emergence of resistant CMV due to mutations in the UL97 and UL54 genes.	2
The lesions were determined to be a phaeohyphomycosis, caused by Curvularia lunata.	2
Anticoagulation was started, the OCP was discontinued, and a discussion occurred regarding the treatment options for her menorrhagia following her recent diagnosis.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Good visual outcome after early debridement and appropriate antibiotics was achieved.	2
A patient with HIV infection was successfully treated for pulmonary tuberculosis, but pulmonary inflammation and lymphadenitis worsened dramatically after subsequent combination antiretroviral therapy.	2
BACKGROUND: Over the past decade, the treatment of Parkinson disease (PD) has undergone tremendous changes.	2
Unopposed endogenous and exogenous estrogenic stimulation has been considered by most investigators to have a role in the pathogenesis of carcinoma of the endometrium.	2
However, spontaneous degenerative rupture of the plantar fascia is not well documented in the literature.	2
The patients had a history of several hospitalizations and one or two unnecessary laparotomies.	2
Because high AUCs of 4-hydroxycyclophosphamide, thiotepa/tepa and carboplatin correlate with increased toxicity, the treatment risk in this obese patient was significantly increased.	2
Rare infusion reactions that resulted in the cessation of therapy have been described after cetuximab administration.	2
The use of systemic corticosteroids in this condition is not established.	2
ACE-inhibitors-induced metabolic acidosis in a child with nephrotic syndrome.	2
Treatment with oral 25-hydroxyvitamin D3, 50 microgram daily, produced marked biochemical, radiological, and histological improvement after 6 months.	2
Prospective randomized combination trials similar to the Intergroup Rhabdomyosarcoma Study in the pediatric population are necessary to better understand and manage these potentially curable sarcomas.	2
This paper describes a possible side effect previously unreported--papilledema not associated with peripheral neuropathy.	2
Throughout hospitalization the patient underwent aggressive diuresis.	2
Carbamazepine is metabolized by this subsystem.	2
The degree of clinical recovery related to maximal disability.	2
Pulmonary GVHD and pulmonary aspergillosis were also observed.	2
The pathogenesis, through retrograde spread of superficial infection to durocortical veins, is discussed in the light of serial CT scans at different stages of formation and treatment of the abscess.	2
During these episodes she was lost in herself.	2
METHODS: Four white female infants with sight-threatening periocular hemangiomata received a combination of steroid injections of triamcinolone and betamethasone.	2
Another approach involves minimal debridement of the cartilage and letting the wound mature for 6 to 8 months.	2
Large infarct size and initiation of anticoagulation after early (less than 12 hours) computed tomography were associated with hemorrhagic transformation and clinical worsening in patients who received anticoagulation therapy.	2
Spacers have evolved from simple monoblock designs made of acrylic cement alone to articulated, modular, complex and expensive designs with different grades of constriction.	2
The manner of death was determined to be accidental.	2
The isolate was resistant to amphotericin B in vitro, and the patient was successfully managed with surgical debridement and the recently licensed antifungal agent caspofungin.	2
Dentists need to be alert to the risk that patients may not reveal their true medical history.	2
Liver biopsy showed intralobular inflammatory infiltrates, confluent necrosis and apoptosis, compatible with drug-induced liver disease.	2
This extremely rare combination of haematomas may have been caused either by rupture of a small vessel in the arachnoid membrane or by rupture of the arachnoid membrane itself, secondary to a massive haemorrhage in the subarachnoid space.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Patients with PDPH have classic postural headache.	2
Three cases of unintentional overdose with simple analgesics are presented.	2
The mechanism of the interaction is probably inhibition of glipizide metabolism rather than protein-binding displacement.	2
Neuroleptic malignant syndrome during abrupt reduction of neuroleptic treatment.	2
SUMMARY OF BACKGROUND DATA: Meningiomas are known to enlarge in response to female sex hormones.	2
She tolerated the surgery well and was discharged on postoperative day 5.	2
Close monitoring for toxicity and dosage manipulations might be required if such therapy is attempted.	2
On January 29, the patient began having myoclonic muscle spasms.	2
Within 36 hours after recovery, the mare developed signs of severe pain that were unresponsive to conventional treatment.	2
The global spreading of chloroquine-resistant falciparum malaria brings about an increasing use of quinine.	2
Daily measurements of pulse, blood pressure, temperature and various laboratory examinations were carried out.	2
These defects were apparently reversible upon the discontinuation of tiagabine.	2
Association of zomepirac administration with renal cortical necrosis is not known to have been previously demonstrated.	2
Possible drug interaction between warfarin and combination of levamisole and fluorouracil.	2
Diagnosis had been delayed secondary to sampling of the other uterine horn.	2
Safety and efficacy of intravitreal triamcinolone for cystoid macular oedema in uveitis.	2
The patient responded successfully to withdrawal of the drug and treatment with antihistamines.	2
Although clonazepam therapy is not new, it appears to have been omitted from current pain texts and journals as a treatment option for phantom limb pain.	2
Transient decreases in hematocrit, complement components, and immunoglobulin concentrations occurred.	2
We used telmisartan to manage high blood pressure values in an HIV-positive patient with insulin-dependent diabetes.	2
DISCUSSION: The pathogenesis of fixed drug eruption and the role of MIF assay in the diagnosis of adverse drug reaction is discussed.	2
Currently available antiviral agents have been unsuccessful in halting its progression.	2
Careful donor evaluation before transplantation, unusually early presentation of mycosis leading to anastomotic renal artery disruption, the histopathologic findings of the grafts, and the absence of Candida infection in the liver and heart recipients make us believe that exogenous contamination of the grafts occurred during donor procedure, kidney processing, or at transplantation.	2
One patient received moxalactam as part of the combination therapy for diffuse pulmonary infiltration during renal transplant rejection.	2
The purpose of this paper is to illustrate a retrospective case report demonstrating drug extravasation caused by the development of fibrin sheath formation.	2
Patients with huge tumor mass and multiple liver metastases have increased risk of tumor-induced hypoglycemia.	2
Thirty-nine cases are reviewed in which the patients developed a hemolytic-uremic-like syndrome, apparently in response to chemotherapy.	2
It may be advisable to consider thromboprophylaxis in head and neck surgery in patients with clinically suspected pulmonary thromboembolism, if no contraindication exists.	2
This case demonstrates that a symptomatic HBV infection can occur in an immunocompromised patient who had originally been anti-HBs-positive.	2
Ultrastructurally, the discrete osmiophilic immune complexes were epimembranous.	2
Indomethacin and acetyl salicylate, which inhibit prostaglandin synthesis, had no significant effects on either the immediate or the LAR.	2
Had a biopsy and cultures not been done, the diagnosis of aspergillosis would have been missed and the patient might have been treated with chemotherapy, with a potentially lethal outcome.	2
Severe hyperphosphatemia following acute tumor lysis syndrome.	2
Several years after the original diagnosis, he was found to be ACTH deficient and following commencement of hydrocortisone replacement therapy became hypernatraemic.	2
Hyperosmolar hyperglycemic nonketotic coma is a serious and often lethal clinical biochemical syndrome.	2
Complications of tumour overkill when associated with high dose methotrexate therapy.	2
These organisms are, however, sensitive to vancomycin.	2
Mean time between HSCT and diagnosis of MN was 24.4 months.	2
Oxcarbazepine, a carbamazepine analog, was approved for use as an antiepileptic agent in the United States in 2000.	2
No objective data have been presented examining this issue.	2
Cough mixtures: not always for cough.	2
When a CPS perforates the transverse foramen, even if no apparent VA injury occurs during the operation, the surgeon must take care not to risk cerebral infarction because of an embolism.	2
The diagnosis of ELP was made.	2
Patient survival depends on prompt referral to a specialist burns unit.	2
When patients are prescribed tolterodine and warfarin concurrently, clinicians should monitor INR carefully, and a reduction in warfarin dosage may be required.	2
CONCLUSIONS: De novo inflammatory bowel disease should be considered in patients in whom chronic diarrhea develops after an orthotopic liver transplant.	2
Children who are treated with topiramate should have a careful history taken preoperatively looking for signs of a metabolic acidosis and baseline blood chemistries should be measured prior to surgery to detect an asymptomatic metabolic acidosis.	2
The aetiology in this case is uncertain but it may have resulted from treatment with L-asparaginase or vincristine.	2
As a result of this and other evidence, the investigation of the adoptive parents was terminated.	2
The diagnosis thrombocytopenia caused by common drugs can be difficult, requiring persistent, explicit questions.	2
Most electrophysiological responses were usually just within normal limits; two patients had subnormal Arden electro-oculography indices; and one patient showed an abnormally delayed photopic b wave.	2
One had a mildly abnormal electro-oculogram.	2
All other laboratory values were within normal range.	2
A 17-year-old epileptic was admitted to the hospital in a confused state.	2
Inadvertent intramuscular administration of vincristine: lack of untoward effects without any treatment except administration of hot compresses.	2
Fourteen days of treatment with ganciclovir led to a prompt improvement in the symptoms of colitis, resolution of the pyrexia, normalisation of the liver function tests, and clearance of the virus, as measured by a negative cytomegalovirus DNA PCR.	2
A snoozer.	2
They represented a typical picture of NE: two of them died because of septic shock; five patients had subileus with irritation of the peritoneum; and one had hepatosplenic abscesses confirmed 6 months later by post-mortem examination.	2
We suggested that the development of hyperlipidemia was related to the carnitine deficiency.	2
We investigated the patient's serum for all frequent polymorphisms in cytochrome P450 2D6, assuming him to be a poor neuroleptic metabolizer.	2
Pharamcokinetic parameters were found to be significantly different from published adult parameters, such as a faster elimination rate, shorter half-life, and increased clearance.	2
Since therapeutic trials have failed, prevention of possible causes is the only way to avoid this rare but severe complication of cardiac surgery.	2
CASE: A 29-year-old primigravida with a history of four therapeutic amniocenteses for idiopathic polyhydramnios developed preterm labor at 30 and 5/7 weeks' gestation, rupture of membranes, and Candida albicans chorioamnionitis.	2
This report emphasises the clinicopathological features and the diagnostic peculiarities of the acute tumour lysis syndrome, which occurs uncommonly in dogs.	2
Adverse effects as observed in these cases have not been reported previously.	2
Baclofen for chronic hiccups.	2
Loss of vision and renal function in a patient with miliary tuberculosis.	2
However, reticulocytes were markedly increased in number on the 13th day of hospitalization.	2
Alopecia does rarely develop in the convalescent status of phenobarbital-induced AHS after stopping phenobarbital and its mechanism is related to lymphocyte infiltration into the peri-bulbar, supra-bulbar and peri-follicular regions.	2
The report is followed by a brief review of anticonvulsant hypersensitivity syndrome and DRESS.	2
Plasma exchange in selected patients with juvenile rheumatoid arthritis.	2
The clinical features included fever, severe myalgia, documented fungemia with F. solani, an ecthyma gangrenosum-like lesion next to a peripheral venous catheter, and disseminated pustules.	2
Her drug therapy also included nicergoline 30 mg/day, amlodipine 5 mg/day, aspirin 100 mg/day, candesartan 16 mg/day, and atenolol 25 mg/day.	2
At the time of this writing (2 y), the patient has had no symptoms and has continued on the chemotherapy protocol as planned.	2
Beriberi is the systemic counterpart of thiamine deficiency and often manifests in cardiovascular collapse.	2
The patient has since required a maintenance dose of L-thyroxin.	2
Early bacterial keratitis after laser-assisted subepithelial keratectomy.	2
The first is a case of disseminated candidiasis with stomach wall involvement.	2
There has been mild improvement of her symptoms, but most of the symptoms did not resolve.	2
RESULTS: Best corrected visual acuity before injection was 6/60 in the left eye.	2
There are few reported findings of sexual dysfunction in men and none in women.	2
A comparison of the pharmacological actions of successful and unsuccessful treatments for AHC is made.	2
The present report examines the case of a patient with longstanding Crohn's disease who had never been treated with corticosteroids and who developed osteonecrosis of the talus.	2
She was receiving high dose corticosteroids, azathioprine 200mg daily and high dose intravenous immunoglobulin during relapses.	2
With an increasing trend towards re-treating patients with known IIRs, clinicians should be aware of this potentially serious and previously unreported complication.	2
Open biopsy of the affected thoracic vertebrae and surrounding soft tissue were negative for neoplasia.	2
RESULTS: Patient ranged in age from 25 to 53 years.	2
Salmonella oslo.	2
Microbiologic evaluation is essential for accurate early diagnosis and treatment.	2
The pathogenesis of autoimmune hepatitis entails complex interactions between triggering factors, autoantigens, genetic predisposition, and immunoregulatory networks.	2
Combination antidepressant therapy in primary care.	2
Beneficial late administration of obidoxime in malathion poisoning.	2
However, the proteinuria apparently became worse.	2
Skin biopsy revealed multiple superficial thrombosed vessels with focal epidermal necrosis as well as prominent interstitial mucinosis.	2
BACKGROUND: The synthetic corticosteroid methylprednisolone is used for the treatment of acute exacerbations of Crohn's disease, also in pregnancy.	2
Monitoring DPD activity may be important in the management of patients experiencing severe toxicity secondary to FUra chemotherapy.	2
At 4-y follow-up, her condition is good.	2
One had cutaneous anergy in vivo and profound reduction on mononuclear cell proliferative and interferon responses to tuberculoprotein (PPD) in vitro; the other patient, who died two weeks after starting treatment, had relatively normal values for these measures of cell-mediated immunity.	2
PURPOSE: To evaluate the toxicity of 1 mg of intraocular rituximab and to present a small case-series of patients treated with intravitreal rituximab.	2
The patient presented with widespread medial calcification involving various small to medium sized arteries, although no noticeable secondary hyperparathyroidism was observed.	2
Surgical treatment included debridement (6), grafting (2), digit amputation (1), digit dermotomy (1), and fasciotomy (1).	2
Over a two month period, these patients presented to the accident and emergency (A&E) department with acute dental pain, outside normal working hours, having been unable to access emergency dental care.	2
At the time of death, leukocytes were 0.3 x 10(3)/mm(3), platelets 10 x 10(3)/mm(3), and hemoglobin 6.8 mg/dL.	2
This idea should be revised because functional imaging showed that this RLS patient had no dopamine depletion.	2
CASE SUMMARY: A 71-year-old woman visited a psychiatrist in September 2007 for her depressed mood.	2
Recalcitrant osteomyelitis following tooth extraction in a case of malignant osteopetrosis.	2
The patient presented with loss of consciousness and died after 5 days of antifungal therapy with liposomal amphotericin B.	2
METHOD: Report of a case.	2
Careful consideration must be made of the choice of environment in which intravenous loading is done (e.g., emergency department, intensive care unit), as dictated by patient parameters, nursing staff levels, and planned disposition.	2
A 50-year-old woman with migraine was admitted to hospital shortly after having abruptly developed hemiparesis.	2
CDT appears to be a useful modality in managing difficult cases of free-flap salvage.	2
This illustrates a rare case of gastrointestinal adverse reaction to pancreatic enzymes that was treated successfully with desensitization.	2
A patient in our hospital had ventriculitis caused by coagulase-negative staphylococci, and under neuroendoscopy we obtained clear findings of granular ependymitis.	2
Documentation of cisplatin-related vascular events is important in view of the growing number of patients who undergo cisplatin-based chemotherapy.	2
The risk of infections and growth suppression is minimized by using small maintenance dosage and alternate day therapy.	2
Cidofovir is an antiviral agent that demonstrates in vitro activity against murine polyomavirus and has been proposed for treatment of BKVN in renal allograft recipients.	2
Persistent triamcinolone acetonide particles on the posterior lens capsule after intravitreal injection.	2
Given that psychiatric symptoms are not included in the manufacturer's lists of adverse drug reactions, the incidence may be significantly higher.	2
The available data suggest that there is a possibility of risk of major malformations with the anticonvulsants.	2
Chronic ischemic changes in the white matter may have been an additional factor in the causation and, most likely, in the duration of his status.	2
These agents are increasingly associated with infections, particularly mycobacterial infections.	2
Aspiration of bone marrow with use of clot sections is a minimally invasive, sensitive, and rapid means of detecting granulomatous infection in such febrile immunosuppressed hosts.	2
Its evaluation with Doppler ultrasonic velocity detector.	2
Pentamidine is one of two agents currently used to treat infections with Pneumocystis carinii.	2
This case demonstrates that localized signs of a bowel perforation may be absent in patients administered corticosteroids, that these patients may present with unusual, remote findings, and that bowel perforation can produce cervical subcutaneous emphysema.	2
Histological improvement with lamivudine therapy for de novo hepatitis B occurring in an anti-HBs-positive child after bone marrow transplantation.	2
Prior to abdominal closure, he developed copious pulmonary secretions, hypoxemia, and hypotension.	2
We report a case of a 26-year-old woman, who presented with an itchy erythematous reaction and strong oedema localized to the face.	2
These results suggest that clozapine may be an effective antipsychotic agent for this subset of BPD patients.	2
One of the cases involved a 72-year-old woman who died with Salmonella enteritis and sepsis that had not responded to treatment with chloramphenicol.	2
The reaction was aborted with diphenhydramine and dexamethasone.	2
RESULTS: The first patient required admission to the hospital for medical stabilization.	2
CONCLUSIONS: The mechanism by which loop diuretics induce pancreatitis appears to be via an immunologic pathway.	2
The clinical and laboratory findings in two cases of aerobic Corynebacterium Group JK infection of cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) shunts are described.	2
All patients were in a group with an expected mortality rate of 90-100%, based on previous studies.	2
Here we report an unusual case of mixed Wilms' tumour and angiosarcoma in a 38-year-old female patient who presented with haematuria and right lower back pain.	2
The mechanism by which these eruptions occur is not completely understood, although there are many interesting theories.	2
We conclude that the currently available data do not indicate that thrombolysis contributes to a significant increase in bleeding complications when administered during CPR.	2
The symptoms were attributed to hepatitis B vaccination.	2
Although botulinum therapy effectively reduced the patient's refractory myofascial pain, signs and symptoms of SIS developed in association with the upper trapezii weakness after the third set of injections.	2
There have been few reports regarding the clinical association of DIHS with pathogens other than herpes viruses.	2
Investigations did not reveal associated infection or an underlying immunological disorder; however, the patient admitted to excessive use of topical anesthetic eyedrops in the post-LASEK period.	2
The patient tolerated enalapril, and lisinopril without problems.	2
These results show that i.c. streptokinase rapidly opens an acute coronary artery occlusion complicating PTCA, preventing myocardial infarction.	2
Propafenone's distribution, clearance, and structural similarity to propranolol contribute to its central nervous system effects.	2
No cardiovascular disorder with the exception of minor ischemic changes in ECG was revealed before treatment.	2
Physical findings and urine output were normal, except for increasing blood urea nitrogen (BUN), serum creatinine and mild proteinuria.	2
Fever and neutrophilic alveolitis caused by a vanadium based catalyst.	2
It would be advisable to measure thiopurine methyltransferase activity before patients with autoimmune hepatitis are exposed to azathioprine.	2
Four patients with an intermittent psychosis closely resembling hallucinogenic drug-induced states were suspected of having a porphyric disease and were investigated for a possible relation between the metabolic dysfunctions of porphyria and the psychotic syndrome.	2
Transarterial membranotomy and repeated infusion of thrombolytic agents and anticoagulants directly in the thrombus brought about improvement of the circulation surrounding the liver and IVC, and recovery from hepatic failure.	2
METHODS: Case report.	2
The patient in this case report was mentally impaired and had severe drug-induced gingival enlargement.	2
Proposed mechanisms include von Willebrand Factor abnormalities, decreased prostacyclin production, and immune complex formation.	2
Occasionally missed doses may lead to pervasive non-adherence with relapse a likely outcome.	2
18 perfusions were performed on 15 patients with stage II disease, that is with tumor growth restricted to an extremity including possible regional node metastases.	2
In these two patients, five of six treated tumors decreased in size, and three completely responded.	2
She was treated with 50 mg of intravenous thiamine.	2
Furthermore, our finding that large numbers of PDCs infiltrate psoriatic skin suggests a role of lesional PDCs as type I interferon-producing targets for the TLR7 agonist imiquimod.	2
Cushing's syndrome caused by unsupervised use of ocular glucocorticoids.	2
Long-term complication of L-asparaginase treatment.	2
Tap (draft) beer and monoamine oxidase inhibitor dietary restrictions.	2
This hypofluorescence line enlarged over the time.	2
METHODS AND RESULTS: A case of high grade superficial bladder caner treated with intravesical BCG which has successfully cleared her bladder cancer nevertheless has lead to bladder contracture for which case she may need bladder reconstruction/augmentation surgery if she remained disease free added to her psychological and social effects on her life.	2
Total immunoglobulin E and skin prick tests were normal, however.	2
The possibility that the underlying disease or other chemotherapeutic agents may increase the risk of pulmonary toxicity can, however, be discussed.	2
Mucormycosis peritonitis: more than 2 years of disease-free follow-up after posaconazole salvage therapy after failure of liposomal amphotericin B.	2
He recovered after administration of anti-histamines and steroids.	2
Diagnosis, therapy, and complications of therapy are discussed.	2
A fatal case of theophylline intoxication.	2
Hemodiafiltration with a high-flux polysulfone membrane is a novel and safe treatment modality for vancomycin overdose in pediatric patients.	2
The patient was successfully treated by single-dose methotrexate (MTX) (77 mg or 50 mg/m2 given intramuscularly).	2
Early treatment of organophosphate (OP) poisoning with oximes results in reactivation of acetylcholinesterase and patient recovery.	2
We report a patient who developed early onset PCP after allogeneic peripheral blood stem cell transplantation (PBSCT) from an HLA-identical sibling donor.	2
The case history of an 11-year-old boy is reported.	2
DESIGN: Two interventional case reports.	2
Precursor prothrombin status in two mother-infant pairs following gestational anticonvulsant therapy.	2
The proband had no detectable DPD activity.	2
Bcr-Abl tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) such as imatinib or dasatinib produce high cytogenetic response rates in patients with Philadelphia-positive chronic myeloid leukaemia (CML) with a good overall safety profile.	2
The diagnosis of pseudomembranous colitis was made by flexible sigmoidoscopy and a positive stool specimen for Clostridium difficile toxin.	2
One patient improved after withdrawal of dextroamphetamine; others had worsening of their symptoms on higher doses of medications.	2
RESULTS: One day and three days after an uneventful intravitreal injection both patients experienced structured hallucinations including trees, faces, and water for approximately 15 to 30 minutes.	2
One patient showed mild improvement (42.0% decrease in VAS).	2
Neuropathic pain syndrome as an occult manifestation of injury of the spinal cord after surgical repair of aortic coarctation.	2
A third case of acquired phosphate diabetes associated with a syndrome of inappropriate secretion of antidiuretic hormone (SIADH), related to a pulmonary tuberculosis, is reported.	2
Renal biopsy demonstrated minimal glomerular changes with fusion of podocytes, tubular necrosis with regeneration of tubular epithelial cells, interstitial edema with focal interstitial fibrosis, and interstitial infiltration with neutrophils, eosinophils, plasma cells and mononuclear cells.	2
Patients were treated at a healthcare facility in 160 cases, with 79 patients admitted.	2
Fungal arthritis and osteomyelitis are rare and documented mainly in immunocompromised or neutropenic patients.	2
There was a prompt response to the ritodrine hydrochloride.	2
Consequently, the treatment was immediately stopped.	2
METHOD: In an effort to refine MAOI dietary recommendations, we report a case of hypertensive crisis following the consumption of a modest amount of tap beer.	2
BACKGROUND: Infection continues to be one of the major complications of cerebro-spinal fluid shunting procedures.	2
Here we report our experience with BC infection in four patients with acute leukemia or related disorders.	2
During that time,weight issues and diabetes status were not addressed.	2
These 4 cases are the first to be recorded in infancy, and with histopathological proof of fat embolism.	2
Biopsies from skin of normal appearance from 18 patients treated with carbamazepine and diphenylhydantoin were investigated by a direct immunofluorescence technique.	2
The clinical and pharmacological histories of these patients suggest a relation between cholinesterase inhibitors and the pleurothotonus.	2
We recommend strict monitoring of serum antiepileptic drug (AED) levels to avoid toxicity and inadequate seizure control.	2
BACKGROUND: Many patients receiving long-term total parenteral nutrition (TPN) develop liver disease; cholestasis is common and may be severe.	2
The patient had required two surgical decompressions of the right orbit to relieve pressure, which occurred secondary to progression of the exophthalmos, and was scheduled for further surgery.	2
Medical or surgical therapy is variably successful in these men.	2
OBJECTIVE: We sought to describe the clinical course after copperhead bites.	2
However, they subsequently were shown to be associated with propranolol.	2
An unusual case of chronic coronary artery dissection: did cisplatin play a role?	2
The patient died suddenly, and the autopsy revealed pulmonary embolism originating from the deep vein thrombosis caused by the compression of common iliac vein by the tumor.	2
RESULTS: A total of 178 cases were identified.	2
Inhaled drugs must be used regularly.	2
By contrast, corticosteroids inhibited the LAR but not the immediate response.	2
Treatment included induction chemotherapy in preparation for a bone marrow transplant, which resulted in the disappearance of the cutaneous lesions.	2
Medications having adverse effects on potassium metabolism were considered, and the patient's use of timolol maleate eyedrops was discontinued.	2
We recently dealt with a case of severe OHS presenting features of liver dysfunction; such a case has not been reported on before.	2
The purpose of this work is to report the case of oral chemical burns caused by topical self-medication for tooth pain relief, and also to discuss the clinical presentation and the treatment performed.	2
She had been treated by Carbamazepine 1000 mg/day for neuropathic pain for 2 years without clinical or laboratory signs of toxicity.	2
Foscarnet resistance and cidofovir resistance have also been described, but no previous reports have suggested treatment regimens for patients with CMV refractory to all three of these drugs.	2
Unintentional overdose of analgesia secondary to acute dental pain.	2
Massive vulvar edema complicating tocolysis in a patient with twins.	2
Anticonvulsant hypersensitivity syndrome (AHS) is a rare, potentially fatal, idiosyncratic drug reaction characterized by fever, morbilliform rash, lymphadenopathy, hepatitis, and hematologic abnormalities.	2
Treatment consists of discontinuation of the offending drug and often high dose corticosteroids.	2
These findings suggest that there may be a place for intravenous CyA therapy in patients with severe Crohn's disease who do not respond to conventional therapy or to oral treatment with CyA.	2
Cutaneous alternariosis: role of corticosteroid-induced cutaneous fragility.	2
We report one case of pregnancy-onset severe diffuse proliferative nephritis in a patient with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE), who was successfully treated with a combination of anti-tumour necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha, plasmapheresis and high-dose intravenous gammaglobulin.	2
A case report.	2
We present four cases of iatrogenic epidural spinal abscess directly caused by externally introduced catheters or probes.	2
When the patient discontinued taking the drugs by herself because of subsiding of these symptoms, severe panic anxiety appeared.	2
In the present study, we present three cases in which patients with resistant schizophrenia and comorbid alcohol use disorder were given lamotrigine to augment clozapine.	2
The definition of standard of care varies amongst jurisdictions, but is generally defined as either that care which a reasonably well-trained physician in that specialty would provide under similar circumstances or as what would constitute reasonable medical care under the circumstances presented.	2
Colchicine has been reported to be a safe and effective medication in the treatment of early phase of Peyronie's disease (PD).	2
Best-corrected visual acuity measurements were performed at every visit.	2
No problems have been observed during desensitization.	2
MATERIAL AND METHODS-A 50-year-old woman was followed-up for 15 years clinically and paraclinically after a heavy PHT intoxication.	2
Cultures of cutaneous biopsies grew Alternaria sp.	2
Examinations 1 1/2 to 7 1/2 years after therapy revealed all of the patients to be within normal range for height and weight, but 3 of the 6 patients treated for 8 months or longer were in the lower range of normal.	2
Eczematous eruptions may be produced through topical contact with mercury and by systemic absorption in mercury sensitive individuals.	2
We report the case of a 30-year-old male after kidney transplantation, treated with steroids, cyclosporin A and SRL, with steroid-resistant acute rejection in anamnesis.	2
However, hepatotoxicity is extremely rare.	2
The both agents were given for 3 weeks and were well tolerated without any side effects.	2
Rechallenge with varenicline while the patient continued to receive amphetamine-dextroamphetamine yielded similar results.	2
The possible cause could be rebound enlargement after initial atrophy caused by these drugs.	2
The thrombi were treated with successive intravenous fibrinolysis under transesophageal echocardiographic guidance, without complication.	2
Nocardiosis is a life-threatening infection, particularly among immunocompromised patients, which usually affects lungs, skin and central nervous system.	2
Physicians and patients must use more caution with teratogenic prescription drugs.	2
BACKGROUND: Three to five per cent acetic acid is commonly used in the field of gynaecology for colposcopic examinations of the cervix.	2
This case demonstrates that itraconazole may be effective treatment for dermatophytosis, even in immunocompromised hosts, and that there is no cross-reactivity between ketoconazole and itraconazole.	2
Experimental evidence indicates that corticosteroid administration causes a reduction in T lymphocytes mediated by suppression of cytokines.	2
A less well known phenomenon is paradoxical seizures.	2
The child had a fair outcome despite of the very acute course of the disease and the presence of a cervical sensory level which usually harbor a poor prognosis.	2
The pathophysiology for this unusual disorder may be agonist-induced dopamine receptor hypersensitivity.	2
The optimal length of therapy is not known, though there are indications that treatment can be discontinued shortly after seizure control.	2
Herpes simplex following intra-articular sacroiliac corticosteroid injection.	2
We here report on two patients who received imatinib in the presence of increased bilirubin and/or cholestasis parameters.	2
The data show a strong influence of cortisol on total sleep time and slow wave sleep (SWS) as well as rapid eye movement (REM) sleep.	2
If these patients are switched to alternative levothyroxine products, it is recommended that thyroid function tests be repeated after equilibration to the new product.	2
These cases emphasize the need for a high index of suspicion for tickborne illness in oncology patients, and the importance of a low threshold for starting empiric treatment before confirming the diagnosis.	2
Serotonergic antidepressants and urinary incontinence.	2
RESULT: This clinical entity is usually encountered between the third and fifth decades.	2
Warfarin resistance and enteral feedings.	2
Methanol poisoning continues to be a public health problem in Tunisia in spite of the different legislative measures.	2
Neutropenic enterocolitis and cecal perforation in acute lymphatic leukemia.	2
Oseltamivir appears to play an important role in the outcome of INFVA infection as well in URTI as in severe LRTI in patients receiving BMT.	2
We propose a prophylactic and curative approach to decrease morbidity related to CMV infection in active UC.	2
This case should alert clinical oncologists to pay attention to mental symptoms after prescribing a corticosteroid.	2
Thrombosis, leiomyoma and GnRH-a therapy.	2
Protamine is used widely to reverse the anticoagulant effects of heparin and to delay the absorption of insulin.	2
Acute transverse myelitis is an acute inflammatory process of the spinal cord and it is a rare clinical syndrome in childhood.	2
Amoebic disease precipitated by corticosteroids prescribed for tuberculous pleural effusions.	2
An unusual course of infection with Mycobacterium malmoense is described in a patient receiving chronic but mild immunosuppressive therapy for rheumatoid arthritis.	2
Plasma concentrations were also measured before and after ten dialysis sessions during four courses of ifosfamide therapy.	2
Here, we report the cases of two children who developed typical clinical and biochemical features of BMTN.	2
To our knowledge, this is the first report of t-MDS with der(17)t(12;17)(q13;p13) after treatment for CLL.	2
It is reversible with discontinuation of drug and administration of corticosteroids.	2
The authors describe three patients who developed a blue toe syndrome after initiation of oral anticoagulant therapy.	2
A p value < 0.05 was considered statistically significant.	2
This report describes a male college student who experienced akinesia lasting almost 3 weeks following withdrawal from relatively brief, low-dose neuroleptic treatment.	2
We report a 60-year old, male patient of Pulmonary Tuberculosis who was started on antituberculous treatment (ATT) with rifampicin (R), isoniazid (H), ethambutol (E) and pyrazinamide (Z) together for initial two months and R, H & E thereon.	2
Clinical and microbiological data were collected prospectively from 704 patients who underwent bone marrow transplantation (BMT) during an 11-year period (1991-2001), and the first two cases of Campylobacter infection occurring in BMT recipients in the pre-engraftment period were identified.	2
Both premortem and postmortem bone marrow sampling revealed almost complete replacement of the marrow space by sheets of histiocytes demonstrating metachromatic cytoplasmic granules.	2
The elimination half-life of both drugs is 0.5-0.7 hours.	2
The second author concurs with use of Silvadene cream and would avoid any pressure on the area (Dr.	2
A 51-year-old woman who had repeated episodes of dizziness, nausea, and vomiting was diagnosed with vertebrobasilar insufficiency.	2
Two had been treated with hydroxyurea for 16 and 21 months before imatinib therapy, while 1 was started on a regimen of imatinib following diagnosis.	2
Three patients were treated with aminocaproic acid for medically uncontrolled hyphemas that developed after cataract extractions.	2
In ten cases (4.3%), radiology showed damage to the alveolar interstitium typical of inflammatory forms, whereas in the remaining three (1.3%) it depicted nodular opacities, which required differentiation between lung metastases and septic emboli.	2
In conclusion, myalgias were due to focal RML produced probably by a combination of factors, particularly the chemotherapy along with dehydration due to gastrointestinal complications, infection, and the use of diverse antibiotics.	2
Cerebral vasospasm on MR angiography (MRA) has been noted in cases due to eclampsia.	2
Timely diagnosis and management is crucial to maintain good structural and visual outcomes.	2
RESULTS: Patient was found to have inferonasal nodular scleritis.	2
Corynebacterium striatum has rarely been reported to be a pathogen, causing pleuropulmonary infections and bacteremia in only immunocompromised or anatomically altered patients.	2
We believe this to be the first culture-proven case of L. micdadei PVE reported in the literature.	2
Ocular toxicity by latex of Calotropis procera (Sodom apple).	2
A brief discussion of this case and the use of digoxin-specific antibodies is presented.	2
We describe a retrospective case series of three patients, two with bipolar depression and one with unipolar depression.	2
On this regime, together with supportive psychotherapy, she experienced a sense of emotional well-being, exhibited a good level of functioning and maintained a safe body weight.	2
Specifically, after initiation of 500 mg MMF twice a day given in conjunction with the long-standing use of prednisone, which had been tapered to a dose of 10 mg daily, the patient's red blood cell count dropped by 17% over 7 weeks.	2
Mucin secretion was measured using an enzyme-linked lectin assay, and lung water was measured by wet/dry weight ratios.	2
The primary goal is to identify and treat the underlying disorder, while minimizing the impact on hemoglobin (Hb) levels.	2
In three cases, there was a close temporal correlation between the use of a corticosteroid nasal spray and the development of CSC.	2
In many patients, pericardial inflammation continues and pericardial fibrosis and calcification develop, leading to a chronic and rigid constrictive pericarditis.	2
Given the limited experience with this agent in treating behavioural disorders associated with DLB, further studies are warranted.	2
Intravenous phenobarbital was administered in escalating doses of 65 mg followed by 130 mg 15 minutes later, resulting in control of severe agitation in the face of benzodiazepine resistance.	2
Subsequent management with topical steroids was complicated as the patient was a steroid responder and developed a markedly raised intraocular pressure that was managed with a topical anti-glaucoma agent.	2
However, all three patients eventually died of refractory acidosis.	2
The tissutal typing of the patient showed the presence of Human Leukocyte Antigen (HLA) DRB1*11 gene (corresponding to DR5 antigen).	2
A patient with a second-degree burn of the forehead, induced by topical application of crushed garlic is reported.	2
Malpractice actions against pediatricians treating patients with arrhythmias have been recurrent in four general areas.	2
The reason for this is discussed.	2
2 months later symptoms had resolved with a control CT of the thorax showing complete regression of the pulmonary changes.	2
Awareness of this potentially serious complication of chemotherapy can facilitate timely recognition of leukoencephalopathy with the use of magnetic resonance imaging.	2
RESULTS: Amino acid PET, performed when the lesions were still small, showed multiple small areas of mild uptake in close correlation to the MRI lesions.	2
MCD was steroid-resistant type.	2
The effectiveness of multidrug treatment by bleomycin, methotrexate, and cis-platinum in advanced vaginal carcinoma.	2
While reviewing the literature, we found few less severe pulmonary injuries after intravenous use of paclitaxel, but none of these cases had a fatal outcome.	2
On the basis of the encouraging results of the initial series, this technique should be considered as an interesting therapeutic alternative in sciatica.	2
On admission, high levels of arterial hypertension were found.	2
Although the precise etiology is unknown, the Epstein-Barr virus and immunosuppressive agents appear to he risk factors.	2
CONCLUSIONS: We report the association of postoperative chylothorax treated with somatostatin analog (octreotide) and necrotizing enterocolitis in an infant following aortic coarctation repair.	2
We present the case of a 17-year-old male who ruptured his Meckel diverticulum 23 days after the beginning of induction chemotherapy for high-risk acute lymphoblastic leukemia.	2
In one case the central serous chorioretinopathy recurred 3 times during 3 separate courses of treatment.	2
The authors present a case report of a pregnant woman with persistent left adnexal mass and subsequently found to have a primary endodermal sinus tumor of the ovary that was diagnosed at 19 weeks of gestation.	2
The patient was admitted to the intensive care unit for treatment of respiratory failure, where oxygen was delivered by face mask.	2
METHODS: Hospital records at St.	2
The most common associated cancers are ovarian, lung, pancreatic, stomach, colon and non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.	2
Its prevalence in rheumatoid arthritis (RA) has been estimated from several retrospective and prospective studies to range from 0.3% to 18%.	2
The baseline population risk of malformations is 3-5%, but it increases to almost 30% in women exposed to isotretinoin during the first trimester of pregnancy.	2
In patient 1 with massive pulmonary thromboembolism, transesophageal ultrasound revealed large right atrial thrombus entrapped in a patent foramen ovale.	2
We present four cases that illustrate that HL may be seen in non-HIV and nonimmunocompromised patients.	2
Itraconazole can be administered as continuous dosing, 200 mg per day for 3 months, or in the form of pulse therapy, 200 mg twice a day for 1 week per month for 3 consecutive months.	2
These patients with limited-stage SCEC were treated at our institution with four cycles of CBDCA and VP-16, either concurrent with radiotherapy for the second two cycles (n = 2) or followed by radiotherapy after the last cycle (n = 1).	2
Capecitabine is used to treat advanced breast and gastrointestinal malignancies.	2
Follow-up MRI at six months demonstrated no neuroradiological evidence of tumor recurrence in the site of operation.	2
Primary Central Nervous System Lymphoma (PCNSL) was seen in 2% of the liver, and 2% of the heart recipients.	2
Plasma atenolol levels decreased from 7.4 mg/L to 2.1 mg/L although significant rebound occurred between dialyses.	2
It is known that the intramuscular injection of human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) lowers the threshold for motor evoked responses (MEPs) in the first dorsal interosseous (FDI) muscle to transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) in humans.	2
We present a case of steroid- and cyclophosphamide-resistant nephrotic syndrome complicated by disseminated strongyloidiasis which responded to anthelmintic agents.	2
The mechanism, causes, and significance of disulfiram-like reactions are discussed.	2
Treatment of the chorea led to rapid resolution of her psychiatric symptoms.	2
Since the first description by Cullen in 1924 (Surg Gynecol Obstet 1924; 38: 579-582) various case reports have been published.	2
Disseminated tuberculosis following second unrelated cord blood transplantation for acute myelogenous leukemia.	2
Successful treatment of aortic thrombosis after umbilical catheterization with tissue plasminogen activator.	2
Immunodeficiency, iatrogenic immunosuppression, and some autoimmune diseases are known as predisposing conditions, and in these patients PCNSL peaks in the 4th decade.	2
As Paget (1988) says, "The sorrow of mistakes is sometimes very diffuse and sometimes very pointed.	2
Long-term posaconazole treatment and follow-up of rhino-orbital-cerebral mucormycosis in a diabetic girl.	2
A review of the literature indicates that, with one possible exception, this complication has not occurred in a CS-dependent subject with asthma.	2
INFVA is an important cause of pulmonary infections in patients receiving BMT, and is associated with considerable morbidity and mortality for a readily preventable and treatable infection.	2
She was unresponsive to standard therapies, including racemic epinephrine and albuterol nebulizers.	2
Eight patients developed a total of 12 episodes of sudden, massive vitritis.	2
She had received repeated chemotherapy, irradiation of the left lung, autologous and allogeneic bone marrow transplantation (BMT), and segmentectomy of the base of the left lung as treatments for Hodgkin's lymphoma.	2
The suggested treatment algorithm allows for specific treatment of both disorders and avoids potentially exacerbating either one.	2
The patient recovered completely from his liver injury, but the sicca complex persisted 1 yr after the drug was given.	2
He was well and his serum creatinine was 1.0 mg/dl at 22 years of age.	2
Analysis of the pharmacokinetic data suggests that haemodialysis or haemofiltration would be more efficacious for removal of the drug, and these treatments should be performed if available.	2
OBJECTIVE: To test the efficacy and safety of a nicotinic, acetylcholine antagonist, mecamylamine, in the treatment of Tourette's syndrome (TS).	2
Corticosteroid-induced glaucoma is a well-recognized phenomenon in adults, but not children.	2
Cisplatin administration following carboplatin desensitization failure in primary peritoneal cancer: a brief report.	2
Ten days before hospitalization he had undergone minimally invasive cutaneous surgery for crusty lesions but had not received antibiotic prophylaxis.	2
Carmustine is the preferred nitrosourea compound for topical therapy of mycosis fungoides.	2
This misleading laboratory result and alternative methods of testing for proteinuria in tolmetin-treated patients are discussed.	2
Standard PSG recording and scoring methods were employed.	2
However, deterioration of his clinical state indicated LT.	2
Primary herpes virus keratitis after penetrating keratoplasty.	2
This case of embolism into bone due to GEE is a rare complication which indisputably establishes a link between the spontaneously septic cavity of the bowel and bone tissue by way of blood via the interstices of the fabric.	2
Furthermore, rechallenge with sertraline caused CK and myoglobin to again increase, which was reversed following a discontinuation of sertraline.	2
This may be particularly useful in the patient with asymptomatic pharyngoesophageal diverticulum (Zenker diverticulum).	2
We concluded that HLH, a rare but often fatal condition characterized by excessive activation of lymphocytes and macrophages, is a diagnostic and therapeutic challenge in solid-organ transplanted patients and must be suspected in the presence of fever, blood cytopenia and liver dysfunction.	2
Although thiazide-induced photosensitivity is a well-documented phenomenon, there have been no histologically proven cases of a lichenoid eruption in light exposed areas in the recent literature.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Caution should be exercised when using ciprofloxacin in the treatment of patients with personality abnormalities or symptoms of psychosis.	2
However, there may be a publication bias in some case reports and studies towards reporting successful rather than unsuccessful CPRs.	2
No viruses (including cytomegalovirus, Epstein-Barr virus, human herpes-virus-6, parvovirus B19, and adenovirus B11) were detected in serum or urine by polymerase chain reaction amplification.	2
OBJECTIVE: To determine the prevalence of severe infections in patients with rheumatoid arthritis (RA) prescribed leflunomide in North Canterbury, New Zealand.	2
Here we report a case of R. equi-associated pulmonary abscess in a renal transplant recipient successfully treated with a combination of carbapenem and teicoplanin.	2
Mercury is considered a weak sensitiser and contact with mercury salts such as chloride or ammonium chloride may cause hypersensitivity leading to contact dermatitis or Coomb's Type IV hypersensitivity reactions.	2
Electron microscopy revealed selective loss of myosin filaments in many fibers.	2
Unfortunately, the patient went to another hospital located in the small city where she lived, and all remaining doses of the total course of treatment were administered over the next 5 consecutive days, with no interruption in therapy.	2
Complete clinical-electroencephalographic recovery was achieved after lithium therapy was discontinued.	2
Considering the possibility of this diagnosis in patients developing confusion and neurological degradation with respiratory alkalosis after intensive chemotherapy, could allow earlier treatment and perhaps improved survival.	2
The patient was brought to an intensive care unit 10 hours after intake of 1200 mg mirtazapine and 20 mg lorazepam and laying outside at outdoor temperatures below 0 degree C.	2
Three patients (3 eyes) representing unresolved total hyphema for more than 5 days and uncontrolled high intraocular pressure received intracameral injections of 10 microgram of recombinant tPA.	2
This case is unique in that interstitial lung disease evolved in parallel with colitis and caused severe hypoxemia.	2
Given the immune-mediated processes in psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis, patients with these disorders may benefit from infliximab therapy but may also suffer from an increased risk of infection.	2
Five of nine cases developed in patients with significant gastrointestinal illnesses.	2
We describe such a case who responded to chemotherapy and not to low doses of corticosteroids.	2
Tamoxifen has proved efficacious in all settings of breast cancer.	2
Intravitreal triamcinolone acetonide for persisting cystoid macular edema after penetrating keratoplasty.	2
This process needed cooperation with other lymphoid cells and was abrogated by dexamethasone.	2
Topical dimethylsulfoxide may prevent tissue damage from anthracycline extravasation.	2
After the correction of hyponatremia, due to the high liver enzyme levels, he was diagnosed as rhabdomyolysis.	2
Report of a patient with severe transfusion-related acute lung injury after multiple transfusions, resuscitated with albumin.	2
He underwent removal of the allograft and implantation of another liver.	2
The three index patients underwent: (1) left stellate ganglion block; (2) beta-blocker challenge; and (3) electrocardiographic stress testing.	2
This report aims to highlight the fact that single-pulse transcranial magnetic stimulation may provoke a seizure even in the absence of gross neurologic abnormality.	2
Veno-occlusive disease of the liver after lung transplantation.	2
Successful bone marrow transplantation from an unrelated donor in a patient with adult T cell leukemia.	2
The history of a 4-week-old infant with meningitis and multiple cerebral abscesses caused by Salmonella enteritidis is reported.	2
This article presents a case of an asthmatic with dental manifestations and reviews the possible causes and management of the same.	2
Due to chloroquine resistance, several African countries have changed their first-line malaria treatment to sulfadoxine-pyrimethamine (SP).	2
This case study reports the effects of a treprostinil accidental overdose in a patient with pulmonary hypertension.	2
If cancer and AAA coincide and curative chemotherapy is possible, a potential impact of chemotherapy on AAA expansion should be considered.	2
The lesions were morphologically distinct and differed in their anatomical distribution during each episode.	2
We report on two patients with PPG following breast surgery who were successfully treated with low-dose cyclosporin (2.5-5 mg/kg per day).	2
The symptoms disappeared with clemastine and betametasone treatment.	2
Presented here is the successful treatment of adenomyosis in a woman presenting with menorrhagia, dysmenorrhea, and an enlarging uterus, for whom conservative therapy initiated with mefenamic acid was unsatisfactory.	2
If aggressive surgical therapy is not an option, the prevention of secondary complications such as infection becomes the goal of treatment until the necrotic process stops and healing begins.	2
The patient had already been on methimazole for a month when she was admitted to the Pediatric Unit with the diagnosis of sepsis.	2
Various toxicities have been observed during the treatment of advanced renal cell carcinoma with interferon-alpha (IFN-alpha) and/or interleukin-2 (IL-2).	2
METHODS: References for this review were identified by searches of PubMed from 1980 until January 2008 with the terms "Parkinson disease," "impulse control," "pathologic gambling,""hypersexuality," "levodopa," and "dopamine agonists." Articles were also identified through searches of the authors' own files.	2
The authors report the case of an 87 year old woman who first developed this disorder at age 82 and was successfully treated with valproate and L-thyroxine.	2
We report here a patient with carcinoma of the cervix with recurrent abdominal and thoracic disease who was previously treated with concurrent cisplatin and radiation for local control of pelvic disease.	2
We feel that these results may be attributed to this specific growth factor combination, including ancestim, a cytokine known to act on primitive stem cells.	2
PLD also has a different cutaneous side effect profile than doxorubicin, and its cutaneous toxicity can be dose limiting.	2
Recurrent unilateral, throbbing, frontal headaches should be referred to as facial migraine.	2
In addition, AZA probably potentiated susceptibility to this viral infection and may have inhibited adequate immunological defense.	2
These differences necessitate close monitoring of hypothyroid patients, counseling these patients about the clinical signs of sub- and supratherapeutic levothyroxine dosages, and prudence when switching patients with stable hypothyroidism to alternative levothyroxine products.	2
Within 48 hours after discontinuation of the medication, she had complete resolution of psychotic symptoms, fatigue, and psychomotor retardation, and her depression improved.	2
Stool specimen was streaked with blood.	2
All patients had normal levels of thyroid-stimulating hormone and no other gastrointestinal complaints; evaluation revealed no other cause for the weight loss.	2
She purchased cosmetic contact lenses via the Internet, and followed a contact lens care system irregularly, occasionally using tap water.	2
Resolution of the symptoms was observed in both patients when interferon alpha was withdrawn.	2
Hence, measures to avoid ischemic optic neuropathy have priority.	2
CASE REPORTS: Case 1.	2
CONCLUSION: Catheter failure is a common cause of intrathecal drug delivery problems and may be difficult to diagnose.	2
The 1-, 2- and 3-year survival rates were 100, 28.9 and 9.6% in all, and 100, 33.3 and 0% in six patients with portal vein tumor thrombosis (PVTT).	2
Diagnosis was made based on pathologic findings and detection of typical fungal hyphea in the infected tissues.	2
Several different criteria for diagnosis exist, and each differs from the others slightly.	2
Treatment is symptomatic.	2
Despite the withdrawal of ampicillin and aggressive systemic and wound care, the infant died.	2
In addition, 1 of these biopsy specimens also had scattered single eosinophils, unlike autoimmune hepatitis.	2
The symptoms started when the immune status reached normal CD4 T cell levels, in response to antiviral tritherapy.	2
Prompt diagnosis of WE is important because it is potentially fatal and readily treatable with thiamine supplementation.	2
There was no evidence of another cause of colonic ischaemia.	2
Environmental interventions are preferred for mild symptoms; medications are the treatment of choice for severe manifestations.	2
Transfusion-related acute lung injury.	2
A case report.	2
Specifically, the complication of enzyme-induced hyperglycemia may be seen more frequently after exposure to the E. coli product.	2
These observations are consistent with the hypothesis that angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibition may cause anemia by increasing renal blood flow and consequently decreasing erythropoietin levels.	2
There was a striking temporal relationship between the administration of antibiotics or allopurinol and exacerbations of the disease.	2
He received the full course chemotherapy but without a significant regression.	2
Forty patients with HCM were treated with calcium-channel blockers such as nifedipine, diltiazem, and verapamil.	2
Cutaneous bacterial infections, most commonly caused by Pseudomonas aeruginosa, have been clearly linked to use of hot tubs.	2
A 31-year-old Black male with a history of hypertension, partial seizures, and schizophrenia developed acute rigidity closely followed by severe hyperpyrexia (temperature 102 degree F), tachypnea, and tachycardia.	2
Four of the six experienced renal failure requiring dialysis.	2
In addition, the patient experienced a delayed but accelerated puberty without any adverse events.	2
Pharmacologic doses of recombinant human erythropoietin in the treatment of myelodysplastic syndromes.	2
Cervical and inguinal lymph node biopsies showed the features of severe necrotising lymphadenitis, associated with erythrophagocytosis and prominent eosinophilic infiltrates, without viral inclusion bodies, suggestive of an adverse drug reaction.A week later, fulminant drug-induced hepatitis, associated with the presence of anti-nuclear autoantibodies (but not with other markers of autoimmunity), and accompanied by multi-organ failure and sepsis, supervened.	2
Spinal cord compression induced by steroid therapy: CT findings.	2
The authors describe the many disease and treatment-related causes for pain in patients with HIV disease, as well as common neurologic conditions that alter cognition and complicate the use of opioids.	2
Although the exact causes for bronchospasm in our case are not clear, CPB factors, such as the release of complements and allergic reactions might have induced the attack under relatively light anesthetic state.	2
The use of outpatient dobutamine infusions by a small, portable infusion pump in 3 patients with intractable congestive heart failure (CHF) is described.	2
The objective of this paper is to provide data regarding early and suspected cases as well as offer guidelines for managing this condition.	2
We report here such a case with bilateral Mooren's ulcer that failed to respond to local therapy with topical corticosteroids, silver nitrate, and conjunctival resection, as well as systemic immunosuppression with corticosteroids, cyclophosphamide, and azathioprine.	2
Use of perospirone for obesity and diabetes mellitus in patients with schizophrenia: three case reports.	2
Six patients had bacterial pneumonia, one had acute cholecystitis, and none had a previous history of heart disease.	2
Is eczema herpeticum associated with the use of hot tubs?	2
A patient with a right atrial thrombus and recurrent pulmonary emboli secondary to permanent pacemaker insertion is described.	2
The patient remained asymptomatic up to the diagnosis.	2
The onset of disease was noted up to 2 months after the last gemcitabine infusion.	2
The dermatitis did not resolve with 15 months of traditional treatments.	2
It is often misdiagnosed as multiple sclerosis (MS) from which it differs in its clinical presentation, course of disease and prognosis.	2
The procedure offers patients the opportunity to avoid the risks and expense associated with surgical correction.	2
We describe a case of a female who developed haemosiderosis, in the course of treatment for very severe unstable aplastic anaemia for fourteen years.	2
Review of the literature and report of a case following irradiation and cytostatic therapy.	2
Two inactive patients received no corticosteroids before or after the diagnosis of pancreatitis.	2
METHODS: The human leukocyte antigen (HLA) typing of peripheral leukocytes was studied by lymphocytotoxicity technique.	2
Clinicians must be aware of the delicate balance between the signs and symptoms of disease states and the effects of drugs.	2
A report of 4 cases.	2
Monsel's solution can be used therefore if other conventional methods were applied unsuccessfully to stop the uterine hemorrhage.	2
Trazodone therapy was continued or reinstated shortly after the hypomanic episode without further evidence of hypomania.	2
The technique of serum free level measurement and illustrative examples of specific cases are provided to document the usefulness of this invaluable laboratory test.	2
He presented to the emergency room, was evaluated by the orthopedics service, and taken to the operating room for debridement of suspected necrotizing fasciitis.	2
Although these medications are used in other conditions, we are not aware of other reports of PG exclusive to treatment for idiopathic PD.	2
After a three-week interval of remission, relapse occurred.	2
On day 8 after alloBMT, the patient suddenly manifested high-grade fever, transfusion-resistant severe anemia, and thrombocytopenia.	2
Clinicians frequently encounter patients who present with borderline personality disorder (BPD) and prolonged and/or pronounced psychotic symptoms of an atypical nature.	2
Pulses were administered after the injection of 1% lidocaine solution around the treatment site.	2
They fear that beta-blockers will block adrenergic symptoms, and patients will not know when they are hypoglycemic.	2
On hospital day 47 (day 45 of nesiritide therapy), the patient received an 18-fold overdose of nesiritide, with no hemodynamic, cardiac, or renal sequelae.	2
Recently there have been concerns relating to liver and now kidney toxicity.	2
The combination therapy resulted in abrupt alleviation of psychotic symptoms in one of the cases, and maintenance with low-dose clozapine allowed for long-term efficacy.	2
Drug-induced antisynthetase syndrome.	2
Urine glucose and single afternoon blood glucose determinations were inadequate and potentially misleading in monitoring diabetic cats receiving excessive amounts of insulin.	2
We do not know why these differences occur.	2
After intensive treatment with topical corticosteroids, the DLK resolved during the following 2 weeks.	2
These antiplatelet agents were continued during the perioperative period.	2
A 7-year-old boy with asthma was receiving the leukotriene receptor antagonist pranlukast (Ultair; SmithKline Beecham; Pittsburgh) as part of an open-label clinical trial.	2
We report a case of visceral leishmaniasis in a 38-year-old renal transplant recipient living in an endemic country.	2
OBJECTIVES: The purpose of this study was to characterize the clinical features, treatment, and outcomes of patients with fungal ICD infections.	2
Two patients with paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria (PNH) and parvovirus B19 (PVB19) infection are reported.	2
Serology showed that maternal CMV infection had been acquired at least four months before pregnancy.	2
Lack of experience with patient reporting in real life was one of the main drawbacks in this debate.	2
After aprotinin infusion (loading dose of 2 x 10(6) kIU followed by a continuous infusion of 5 x 10(5) kIU/h) combined with heparin, bleeding vanished until the end of bypass.	2
Clozapine has proven effective in reducing morbidity and suicidality in chronic non-remitting patients with schizophrenia.	2
The nasal challenge test with a calcitonin nasal spray, up to 150 UI, was negative.	2
Treatment consisted of supportive therapy and intravenous administration of methylene blue.	2
Fondaparinux and bivalirudin can also be used, but they have a lower level of evidence (evidence level B).	2
Periodic gynecologic assessment should be part of the follow-up of all women on long-term tamoxifen therapy.	2
Physicians should remain alert to the potential hazards of chemotherapy to the central nervous system.	2
Syncytial giant cell hepatitis recurred after transplantation and was efficiently treated with ribavirin.	2
Aspirin was substituted for acenocoumarol, and the patient returned home after 10 days without sequelae.	2
To our knowledge, its drug-related occurrence has not been previously reported.	2
Mucin-producing adenocarcinoma has been extensively studied in relation to this phenomenon.	2
A 27-year-old man presented with corneal ectasia in his left eye 4 years after myopic laser in situ keratomileusis (LASIK) and was treated with riboflavin-ultraviolet-A (crosslinking).	2
The condition is primarily reported in patients with end-stage renal disease, and is associated with significant morbidity and mortality.	2
This paralleled the rise in the number of children with tuberculous infection and disease seen at our institution, from an average 96 per year to 213 per year during these two time periods.	2
The primary tumor sites included the tongue, buccal mucosa, chest wall, vagina, and clitoris.	2
We examined the correlations between the individual changes in serum creatinine (Scr), body weight (BW) and urine volume (UV) before and after the pulse therapy and other laboratory data such as Scr, total serum protein and albumin.	2
Parameters of potassium, sodium, calcium, and phosphate metabolism as well as specific renal functions have been studied in the basal state and during administration of graded doses of phosphate (500-6000 mg).	2
Sirolimus-associated pneumonitis has been described in renal transplant patients.	2
This report supports the findings of others regarding the potential toxicity of topical ester-type local anesthetics.	2
Findings from biopsy specimens of skin and jejunum suggested a cell-mediated pathogenesis, and lymphoproliferative studies of the patient's mononuclear cells revealed a positive response to phenobarbital.	2
Diffuse, reversible arterial irregularities consistent with vasospasm were present on MRA during the acute illness.	2
Cerebral blood flow and blood pressure monitoring, together with intensive antihypertensive therapy, are necessary to reduce the risk of hyperperfusion syndrome after vertebral stenting.	2
The doses were 3,000, 6,000, or 12,000 U/day.	2
Our case report suggests that posaconazole is an attractive treatment option in patients with peritoneal dialysis-related Mucor peritonitis.	2
We administered SKT for a patient with thoracic outlet syndrome (TOS) complaining of several resting symptoms.	2
BACKGROUND: Diffuse lamellar keratitis (DLK) is a relatively uncommon complication of the refractive procedure, laser-assisted in situ keratomileusis (LASIK).	2
Acquired long QT develops most commonly because of drugs that prolong ventricular repolarization.	2
Familial occurrence of cat-scratch disease, with varying clinical expression.	2
There was no sign of bacterial, viral, or fungal infection in either case.	2
We report on a 6-year-old boy with X-linked adrenoleukodystrophy who developed severe delayed alloimmune hemolytic anemia associated with immune-mediated neutropenia and thrombocytopenia following major ABO incompatible unrelated cord blood transplantation.	2
Both eyes became atrophied and had poor visual outcome: 10/200 in one patient and no light perception in the other at 6 months after IVTA injection.	2
The literature is reviewed and the treatment implications are discussed.	2
One of the antimalarials which has been highlighted for its effectiveness is halofantrine.	2
The benign, self-limited nature of the color change mandates that prostaglandin E1 not be discontinued for this reason.	2
The imaging studies have shown that both hydrocephalus and leukoencephalopathy have improved significantly after ventriculoperitoneal shunt insertion.	2
The patient underwent treatment with corticosteroids, and after 2 months, the clinical examination revealed an improved clinical situation with a disappearance of the hypoesthesia but with a persistence of the pain.	2
CASE REPORT: A 64-year-old female patient with metastasized esophageal carcinoma received simultaneous chemoradiotherapy of the upper mediastinum with 50.4 Gy and cisplatin/5-fluorouracil.	2
Severe bronchospasm during cardiopulmonary bypass (CPB) is an unusual event.	2
Chest computed tomography showed the characteristic findings of septic pulmonary emboli (SPE).	2
QT interval was more than 500 m sec.	2
Further research and better communication among health care professionals are needed to determine if prophylaxis can reduce adverse ocular events.	2
Despite normal coagulation parameters, the cerebral hematoma enlarged over 36 hours, as documented by sequential computed tomographic scans, to produce significant mass effect, which prompted surgical evacuation.	2
The authors have been unable to find a similar previously published case.	2
This happened despite a very short course of therapy in two patients.	2
Post cardiac surgery diaphragmatic spasm successfully treated with gabapentin.	2
Symptoms improved after discontinuation of mesalamine.	2
Appropriate stains indicated that this had many characteristics of lipofuscin.	2
Systemic cyclosporin (10 mg/kg/day) resulted in resolution of the corneal ulceration within two weeks of beginning treatment, and the patient has remained in remission after 15 months of therapy.	2
If used at high dosage, it may cause a secondary form of adult hemolytic-uremic syndrome (HUS).	2
Tests for hepatitis A, B, and C were negative.	2
It is usually well tolerated and its application is simple.	2
Partial response to antipsychotic treatment: the patient with enduring symptoms.	2
RESULTS: SD-OCT images demonstrated loss of photoreceptor inner segment/outer segment (IS/OS) junction and a downward "sink-hole" displacement of inner retinal structures in areas of hydroxychloroquine toxicity corresponding to HVF 10-2 defects and ophthalmoscopic clinical examination findings.	2
Abemayor).	2
Patients finally rated their subjective impression on this intervention.	2
During the course of therapy, the patient showed rapid onset of oliguria, dizziness, edema, and a pre-shock state.	2
PURPOSE: To report a case of permanent endothelial cell injury after intracorneal penetration of milky latex from Calotropis procera (ushaar).	2
At the same time the elevated plasma oncotic pressure was reduced to normal values.	2
After adequate hydration and administration of oral colchicines, the patient's right knee pain subsided and the uric acid serum level returned to normal.	2
It is activated by cytochrome P450 to form reactive metabolites that bind covalently to DNA to create adducts.	2
The findings are based on liver histology and the exclusion of other causes of liver damage.	2
This case is reported here for documentation because of its rarity.	2
However, these drugs have different toxicity profiles and may have clinically relevant differences in immunosuppressive activity in individual patients.	2
Fundus examination revealed resolution of cystoid macula edema.	2
Lymphomatoid granulomatosis after immunosuppression for pemphigus.	2
New onset rapid cycling bipolar disorder is rare in late life.	2
Two patients who developed cholestatic liver disease after exposure to antibiotics are described.	2
Clinical recovery followed discontinuation of therapy and paralleled EEG resolution.	2
The pacing system consists of an implanted receiver-lead system and an external patient-activated transmitter.	2
A 66 year old HIV infected male heavy smoker presented with arthralgia, myalgia, and weight loss which was originally ascribed to nucleoside induced mitochondrial toxicity.	2
Of the eight patients in clinical trials, five had cardiovascular abnormalities and two had acquired immunodeficiency syndrome-related pneumonia.	2
This report documents that duct paucity may occur within 10 days of onset of jaundice and appears to be confined to ducts less than 0.03 mm in diameter.	2
We emphasise the need to be vigilant for this important but relatively rare complication, which has significant associated morbidity.	2
Leakage from a conjunctival break created during trabeculectomy may cause serious complications such as shallow anterior chamber, hypotony, and a flat bleb in the early postoperative period.	2
In this respect, tricyclics are analogous to several other drugs that are capable of modulating the frequency of oscillatory biological processes.	2
Case management of the anemic patient epoetin alfa: focus on aluminum management.	2
CASE DESCRIPTION: A 21-year-old male was initially evaluated because of a large mass that had been growing for 7 months.	2
The activity of dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase (DPD), the initial enzyme of pyrimidine (and FUra) catabolism, in peripheral blood mononuclear cells was measured in each subject by a specific radiometric assay using FUra as the substrate.	2
Magnesium sulfate, a saline laxative, is often used for treatment of intestinal impactions in horses.	2
In the absence of controlled studies regarding management of such cases, many recommend complete removal of the pacing system along with intravenous antibiotics.	2
In chronic hepatitis B viral infection TNF-alpha is readily produced, and viral clearance is dependent on the amount bioavailable.	2
Both patients had relatively low serum concentrations of immunoreactive EPO.	2
We describe 4 typical cases from the major fields of rheumatology.	2
The pupils were pinpoint.	2
After delivery, clearance rapidly returns to preconception levels, enhancing the risk of adverse reactions in both mothers and breast-fed infants if the dose is not sufficiently reduced.	2
INTRODUCTION: Despite high success rates with free-tissue transfer, flap loss continues to be a devastating event.	2
All patients received base-line immunosuppressive therapy with one or more of the following drugs: cyclosporine, corticosteroids and azathioprine.	2
Hydroxyurea and sodium phenylbutyrate therapy in thalassemia intermedia.	2
Neuroimaging in both diseases is characterized by large demyelinating lesions in the spinal cord extending over several segments, and/or in the brain often involving the locations of astrocytes water channels.	2
Diagnosis was confirmed by histological and mycological examination.	2
Very few cases of rituximab administration during pregnancy have been described.	2
The 3 others developed clinical pericardial tamponade before surgery.	2
Improved awareness and rapid treatment of the second patient had a favorable outcome with no sequelae.	2
We describe a unique case of disseminated cryptococcosis presenting as colitis that mimicked an exacerbation of Crohn's disease in a TNF-alpha inhibitor recipient.	2
We present three clinical cases of clostridial orthopedic infection and review the related medical literature.	2
Resolution of symptoms, physical signs and radiographic changes followed drug withdrawal and steroid therapy.	2
However, he had an acute onset of chest pain with fever which happened 4 h after PCI.	2
Apomorphine was effective in reducing the duration of diphasic dyskinesias at doses higher than the threshold doses necessary to induce an "on" phase (mean increase: 43%).	2
Magnetic resonance imaging revealed regional kyphosis and large swollen paraspinal muscles impinging on the spinal cord without epidural hematoma.	2
This case report describes the unanticipated development of pyometra in Brown Norway rats after treatment with estrogen.	2
Mirtazapine had been started 8 days earlier to control major depression.	2
Nevirapine is a non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor widely used in combination with other antiretroviral agents for the treatment of HIV infection.	2
Rheumatoid arthritis (RA) is an autoimmune disease associated with altered immunoregulation and resulting in a deforming polyarthritis.	2
After 6 weeks of oral Sildenafil treatment, her serum albumin and the fecal alpha-1-antitrypsin levels normalized, and her exercise tolerance had increased.	2
Three prepubertal children who suffered severe, incapacitating anxiety disorders with panic-like symptoms were treated successfully with clonazepam.	2
On day 28 of the treatment, his serum calcium levels had reached 3.55 mmol/l, and his urinary calcium excretion had also increased from 0.008 g/day to 0.475 g/day.	2
The 69-year-old patients recovered rapidly after oral administration of fluids and sodium bicarbonate.	2
He developed abnormal neurological findings during follicular lymphoma treatment, brain CT revealed ring-enhancing, multiloculated lesions, and N. exalbida was detected by aspiration of the lesion.	2
The ocular and myopic changes cleared up completely on discontinuation of the causative agent.	2
Discontinuation of levamisole and 5-FU for a five-week period resulted in the INR falling to a subtherapeutic level.	2
The two children who had severe myelotoxicity achieved the largest AUC values per milligram per square meter of 6MP.	2
Recovery was achieved with lamivudine (100 mg/d) and plasma exchange.	2
The failure of high doses steroids to alter the course of illness and to completely suppress the thyroidal inflammatory process is highlighted.	2
This is the fourth published report of adverse hepatic reaction to cyproterone acetate and it substantiates other evidence that cyproterone acetate is potentially hepatotoxic.	2
Adenomyosis confined to the broad ligament is extremely rare.	2
The prognosis of AILD is generally poor, with a median survival of less than 20 months.	2
Calciphylaxis in a patient with normal renal function: response to treatment with sodium thiosulfate.	2
Combination of sodium thiosulphate, cinacalcet, and paricalcitol in the treatment of calciphylaxis with hyperparathyroidism.	2
Although arachnoiditis, infection, and meningitis have been reported, acute paraplegia has not been reported as a complication of either caudal or spinal epidural steroid injection.	2
Ascending bacterial cholangitis can be a recurring complication in older children and adolescents who have undergone successful surgery for biliary atresia.	2
We report a heart-lung transplant patient who developed chronic rejection (BOS stage 3) with the appearance of gross bronchiectasis on a spiral computed tomography (CT) chest scan.	2
The patient subsequently responded well to intravenous antibiotics, intravenous corticosteroids, and local wound care.	2
The most common symptoms were mental status disorder and involuntary movements.	2
When the dose of 0.5 mg tid was discontinued, the obsessive-compulsive symptoms resolved with no return over 8 months of follow-up.	2
Temozolomide is a relatively new chemotherapeutic agent frequently associated with selective CD4+ T-lymphocytopenia.	2
parvovirus B19 was assumed to induce the leukopenia by restraining myeloid proliferation.	2
The patient's stool sample was found to be positive for the C. difficile toxin.	2
A retrospective review revealed that the patient had been exposed to iopamidol, an intravenous contrast medium, on the day prior to the commencement of methotrexate treatment.	2
We present a case of typhlitis in a patient with advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) who received pemetrexed, as second-line chemotherapy treatment.	2
Liver biopsy showed bridging hepatocellular necrosis as well as canalicular cholestasis.	2
Recurrent agranulocytosis induced by two different antithyroid agents.	2
FDG PET, performed after the size and number of the lesions had increased, showed no intensely increased glucose metabolism, a high-grade recurrent tumor was therefore very unlikely.	2
A 63-year-old man with hypothyroidism is described.	2
Milk-alkali syndrome can present serious and occasionally life-threatening illness unless diagnosed and treated appropriately.	2
The chemotherapy regimen consisted of cis-platinum, etoposide, actinomycin-D, and intrathecal methotrexate (PEA-M).	2
The cost of care for the enterally supported child was less than one third of the TPN-supported child.	2
Comorbidity of parkinsonism and schizophrenia in a patient treated with clozapine.	2
Fulminant Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia in 4 patients with dermatomyositis.	2
The number of lymphocytes in his peripheral blood, and titres of serum total IgG and IgM and anti-desmoglein1 antibody transiently decreased just before reactivation of HHV-6, cytomegalovirus and Epstein-Barr virus.	2
It is believed to be the first case of cryptococcal meningitis recorded in a child in Saudi Arabia.	2
The mechanism behind the development of the cutaneous lesions is unclear, and could have either a casual clinical association or be related to the study drug.	2
Inflammation may be exacerbated by pre-existing dermatologic conditions.	2
Early clinical suspicion and availability of CT or magnetic resonance imaging for prompt diagnosis are essential to initiate appropriate medical therapy and timely surgery.	2
Pegylated interferon alfa-2b is a formulation of recombinant human interferon conjugated with polyethylene glycol.	2
Paclitaxel and CBDCA therapy was indicated as second-line chemotherapy in one patient and as third line in four patients with recurrent disease.	2
No fever, elevated WBC count or significant electrolyte imbalance was found.	2
At the same time, physicians cannot yet rely solely on a genetic diagnosis because we have not yet identified a sufficient spectrum of mutations, and it is not currently feasible to examine every patient's full DNA sequence for the entire gene; screening an ethnically consistent and clinically positive patient for the 8 known mutations frequently identifies a mutation on only 1 chromosome, and genetic analysis of other classic cases will often reveal none of the 8 mutations.	2
Recently, UFT has been extensively studied for colorectal, pancreatic, and various types of cancer in North America and Europe, especially with leukovorin.	2
Post-PCI fatal bleeding in aspirin and clopidogrel hyper responder: shifting from antiplatelet resistance to bleeding risk assessment?	2
A case report of a three kilogram, four month infant who received excessive doses of chloramphenicol for the treatment of bacterial meningitis is presented.	2
The range of diagnostic possibilities is wide, noninvasive diagnostic procedures have little utility, and the drugs available for empirical therapy have toxic effects that are sometimes severe.	2
The symptoms and biochemical abnormality improved after gradual discontinuation of carbamazepine.	2
Both reactions were categorized as probable according to the Naranjo probability scale.	2
Scalp video-EEG monitoring was obtained using the standard 10/20 system of electrode placement.	2
Nine months later, she remains asymptomatic and shows no evidence of pulmonary decompensation.	2
On March 13 the patient was again admitted for worsening CHF and was started on continuous dobutamine infusion.	2
One month after cataract surgery in the right eye, the best-corrected visual acuity was right 6/6 (-1.25) and left 6/10 (-2.00/-0.50 x 100).	2
The optimal treatment is not well defined.	2
Following removal of a large right adrenal carcinoma, serum and urinary hormone levels returned to normal.	2
Serum lithium levels fell rapidly, but the cognitive impairment associated with the delirium typically persisted for another week or two.	2
Evaluation at another laboratory showed normal levels of TSH, raising the possibility of interfering substances.	2
We describe a heart transplant patient who presented with a large right-sided chest wall mass as a manifestation of disseminated histoplasmosis.	2
Benign intracranial hypertension should be sought in any young woman complaining of headache during treatment with tetracycline.	2
Antidepressants and myoclonus: case report.	2
A retrospective review incriminated transfusion therapy and volume overload as the etiology.	2
Several studies have provided evidence suggesting that "placebo effects" represent conditioning phenomena and that learning processes influence the response to placebo medication.	2
The increase of tumor volume at the beginning of therapy does not require the suspension of treatment.	2
Four of the eight patients had no detectable plasma cryofibrinogen after treatment.	2
Dosing adjustments need to be considered in these patients.	2
Acute pleuropericarditis after coronary stenting: a case report.	2
Pure red cell aplasia (PRCA) due to parvovirus B19 (PVB19) infection after solid organ transplantation has been rarely reported and most of the cases were renal transplant recipients.	2
Five days after the 3rd booster dose, in November 1996, the dermatosis relapsed on the forearms, trunk, and legs.	2
The possible causal relationship between prolonged estrogen administration and breast cancer in males is in contrast to available epidemiologic data.	2
Bradycardia, hypotension, respiratory distress, and, ultimately, cardiopulmonary arrest occurred in both.	2
Post-transfusion purpura as the main manifestation of a trilineal transfusion reaction, responsive to steroids: flow-cytometric investigation of granulocyte and platelet antibodies.	2
Intravenous mitozantrone was given for 2 years and she is asymptomatic, with computed tomographic evidence of tumour response, 27 months after diagnosis.	2
MATERIALS AND METHODS: We present a case of ulcerative colitis in a pediatric liver transplant recipient.	2
Best-corrected visual acuity was 20/50 O.D. and 20/60 O.S.	2
Anaphylactoid reaction to rattlesnake envenomation.	2
We describe a patient who presented with autoimmune hemolytic anemia and small bowel obstruction secondary to a malignant stromal tumor (leiomyosarcoma) of the jejunum, 25 years postchemotherapy and radiation treatment for stage IIA Hodgkin's disease.	2
Multiple cultures failed to reveal sepsis and a urinary pH of 4.85 together with tests of renal acidification, excluded renal tubular acidosis.	2
Discontinuation of ergot-containing products and cessation of tobacco and caffeine use is the cornerstone of therapy in chronic ergot toxicity.	2
Hydroxyurea is a drug widely used to control myeloproliferative disorders, due in part to its relative lack of severe side effects.	2
Another explanation for the decreased drug levels might be an increased volume of distribution.	2
The premature infant liver may be deficient in its ability to carry out this step of metabolism, and in normal intrauterine existence the fetus may receive 1,25-DHCC, the active metabolite, from the mother.	2
The elderly are also particularly prone to develop toxic side effects from standard antidepressive agents.	2
We describe this syndrome, which occurred in one of our patients and was successfully treated by the administration of dexamethasone.	2
Malignant hyperthermia: clinical course and metabolic changes in two patients.	2
The results of an Intergroup trial, coordinated by the Southwest Oncology Group (SWOG) demonstrated markedly superior progression free and overall survival for combined chemoradiotherapy compared to radiotherapy alone.	2
Furthermore, this analysis does not provide evidence for a heightened risk of AML/MDS in CLL patients, despite treatment with known leukemogenic agents.	2
During chemotherapy suggested pathogenetic factors were monitored without observing any significant abnormality.	2
METHODS: We describe the case of a 41-year-old male with HIV who received protease inhibitor medication and had neurologic deficits rapidly develop.	2
CLINICAL FINDINGS: On auscultation of the lungs and air sacs, crackles were detected; the abdomen was distended and fluctuant on palpation.	2
In contrast, the LMW heparinoid Org 10172 (Organon, Oss, The Netherlands) did not cause platelet activation.	2
Positive immunohistochemistry staining of a biopsy specimen for cytomegalovirus suggested a viral etiology; however, lesions persisted despite antiviral therapy, and immunohistochemistry was negative on follow-up biopsy.	2
A review of the literature suggests that this may be an unusual complication of thrombolytic therapy.	2
Three patients with major depression superimposed on chronic dysthymia were treated with phenelzine.	2
We suggest that the specific immunosuppression used in renal transplant patients might facilitate the development of a dormant infection and in these patients the misleading presentation may delay the diagnosis.	2
Management with intravenous magnesium sulfate.	2
Antibiotic treatment should be continued.	2
Reactions to Aquaphor: is bisabolol the culprit?	2
Falsely raised TSH levels due to human anti-mouse antibody interfering with thyrotropin assay.	2
Four subsequently did well on clozapine therapy.	2
Thrombocytopenia of Grade III or higher was observed in eight patients.	2
Successful treatment of florid cutaneous warts with intravenous cidofovir in an 11-year-old girl.	2
We describe 5 patients with severe pompholyx who did not respond to conventional therapy or who had debilitating side effects from corticosteroids.	2
Report of four cases.	2
A 51-year-old male patient with living, unrelated kidney transplantation in Iran in June 2001, developed Plasmodium falciparum P. falciparum infection.	2
Increasingly, the cytotoxic agent amifostine is being used prior to radiotherapy in an attempt to decrease associated morbidities.	2
An 80-year-old man with bilateral basal ganglia bleeding was unable to swallow safely and required tube feeding.	2
Twenty-five (86%) patients had initial visual acuity of less than 20/60.	2
CONCLUSION: The delayed treatment of lead poisoning may lead to irreversible motor neuron defect.	2
As the number of cases of refractive surgery in Australia increases, optometrists will encounter this condition more frequently.	2
We report here the case of a 10-year-old male child with primary steroid-resistant nephrotic syndrome who was non-responsive to steroids and cyclophosphamide.	2
A 31-year-old woman developed pain, decreased vision, and a corneal flap infiltrate 4 days following laser in situ keratomileusis (LASIK).	2
The results thus far are very encouraging and the study is being continued.	2
However, a method to differentiate the neuromuscular block induced by magnesium from that induced by curariform nondepolarizing muscle relaxant in the clinical setting has never been reported.	2
We present case reports of three different types of eye burns and later therapy resulting in corneal calcification.	2
In case of normal endometrial cells in the Pap smear, a careful evaluation should be performed.	2
We encountered a late pulmonary complication after umbilical cord blood transplantation (UCBT) that has not been previously reported.	2
We describe a patient with acute disseminated encephalomyelitis (ADEM) who was treated with high-dose intravenous methylprednisolone 2 days after onset of neurologic symptoms.	2
Two months before admission, MVI was discontinued in the TPN because of the shortage of its supply.	2
Bladder biopsies demonstrated massive eosinophilic infiltration of the bladder, confirming the diagnosis of eosinophilic cystitis.	2
In the absence of clinical or morphologic differences, a recent ingestion of minocycline should be excluded before the diagnosis of sporadic autoimmune hepatitis is established.	2
On the first day of the schedule, moderate high doses of Methotrexate, Etoposide and Cyclophosphamide were administered.	2
The median interval from initiation of therapy to the development of leukemia is shortened from 54.2 to 41.1 months if radiation therapy is used in addition to chemotherapy.	2
The average length of clinical follow-up was 6 months (range 1-13 months).	2
Because of a recurrence of paroxysmal atrial fibrillation, the dose of the drug was increased to 1.4 g/day; 24 hours later AVT with syncope developed but responded promptly to atropine.	2
Although after 4 weeks of treatment with corticosteroids the chest X-ray and lung function were still abnormal, bronchoalveolar lavage showed a normal cell distribution.	2
Therapy-related CD7+ acute myeloid leukemia with trisomy 8 following acute monocytic leukemia.	2
CONCLUSIONS: PHD may play an important role in cases where macular thickness is successfully reduced or better acuity is achieved after intravitreal injections.	2
Within two months, the ophthalmic abnormalities had resolved.	2
He received blood transfusion and recombinant human granulocyte colong-stimulating factor (filgrastim).	2
We postulate that the patient's hearing loss was the result of ketoralac's direct and indirect ototoxic effects that were potentiated as a result of her underlying illness and medications.	2
Clinical aspects and electrophysiological data such as polygraphic studies, electroencephalography, and measurement of somatosensory evoked potentials support the cortical origin of negative myoclonus.	2
Somatostatin and its long-acting analogues are effective in symptom control in patients with functional neuroendocrine tumors; they are also able to control tumor growth.	2
These results indicate that rEpo may benefit some patients with MDS and AA who are dependent on red cell transfusions while further studies will be necessary to elucidate the mechanism by which rEpo stimulates erythropoiesis and improves anemia in patients with these diseases.	2
Methadone has two roles in human immunodeficiency viral infection: pain management and treatment of opioid abuse.	2
Clinical and pharmacological aspects of accidental triamcinolone acetonide overdosage: a case study.	2
Recent studies have found clozapine a highly effective and ECT a possibly useful intervention.	2
Lack of recognition that the lungs too may be a site of spontaneous hemorrhage during thrombolytic therapy may lead to a considerable diagnostic and therapeutic delay.	2
A 34-year-old male with lumbar disc disease and surgery was placed on gabapentin daily for chronic back pain.	2
The patient was given 14 mg of etomidate and 100 mg of succinylcholine intravenously.	2
Although her drowsiness improved, she complained of piloerection throughout her body.	2
These observations suggest that CPH82 has glucocorticoid receptor agonistic effects.	2
The literature describing the safety or efficacy of nesiritide in children is minimal, and we know of no data that describe the effects of a nesiritide overdose in adults or children.	2
Discontinuing the oxybutynin leads to complete neurological recovery associated with normalisation of her blood pressure.	2
It is our experience that a good outcome is dependent on early and specific treatment.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Choroidal detachment can occur in surgically untreated eyes after use of a topical carbonic anhydrase inhibitor.	2
She began to recover after 10 days of supportive therapy and was discharged several weeks later on primidone therapy.	2
Two days later, on hospital day 27, the patient spontaneously delivered two healthy, male infants.	2
OBJECTIVE: To report a case of decreased international normalized ratio (INR) in a patient receiving warfarin and bosentan.	2
One patient also developed bilateral angle closure glaucoma.	2
The right palm also showed similar changes.	2
The 2 children were discharged on days 13 and 16 and cytostatic therapy was restarted on days 18 and 25.	2
We recommend that physicians specifically inquire about patients' use of decongestants and diet aids.	2
While this could be a chance association, it does raise the question if her neurologic manifestations could be secondary to scleromyxedema.	2
This report suggests the feasibility of a strategy of bivalirudin use in patients who have some degree of heparin 'resistance' in the setting of complicated PCI.	2
All 3 patients experienced fairly typical chest pain syndromes and experienced elevations of cardiac enzymes consistent with myocardial ischemia.	2
This may be particularly useful in patients unable to tolerate an alternative class of antihypertensive agents.	2
These are generally of modest intensity and reversible.	2
Multifocal disseminated lesions of circumscribed lipoatrophy have not been described as an adverse reaction of intravenously applied drugs.	2
The lesions resolved after treatment with topical steroids and also oral allopurinol in one of the cases.	2
Tyrosine kinase inhibitors and solid tumours: case report and review of the literature.	2
Treatment of dialysis osteomalacia with desferrioxamine.	2
The patient developed infectious complications and died on hospital day 32.	2
The pulses consisted of four repeated doses of 500 mg of hydrocortisone given intravenously over 20 to 30 minutes at six-hour intervals or of single intravenous injections of 30 mg/kg of methylprednisolone.	2
20% of the reported cases of t(8;16)(p11;p13) AML are therapy-related and this case further supports the possible role of the ionizing radiation in the development of this disorder.	2
We suggest that lamivudine is indicated both in the treatment of HBV viremia and in the prevention of proliferation of HBV in patients with HBV carrier status undergoing high-dose myeloablative chemotherapy.	2
However, he developed significant bradycardia.	2
Continuous subcutaneous infusion was well tolerated and about 80 per cent as effective as intravenous therapy in chelating iron.	2
We have shown that CMV-polymerase chain reaction of AF is a useful diagnostic test for congenital CMV infection.	2
Physicians should be aware of this possible association because the signs and symptoms of Sweet's syndrome are easily mistaken as being due to infection.	2
Especially in old patients, intensivists should consider intoxications (with cholinergics) as a cause of acute cardiovascular failure.	2
Histologic examination of the neoplasm was consistent with a high-grade pancreatic exocrine adenocarcinoma.	2
Case vignettes are described.	2
CLINICAL FEATURES: A 74-yr-old, 51-kg woman with a history of hypertension controlled with 5 mg.day-1 enalapril and 50 mg.day-1 atenolol was admitted for evaluation of low back pain, loss of appetite, and weight loss.	2
Hypertensive reactions occurred without obvious cause in two patients receiving monoamine oxidase inhibitors (MAOIs) while being monitored in a hospital.	2
A review of the literature also reveals that MMF is a safe medication that appears to have a more favorable side effect profile than azathioprine, although it is more expensive than azathioprine.	2
Tricyclic antidepressant (TCA) morbitity is primarily due to cardiac arrhythmias and hypotension, which become more refractory to treatment as acidosis progresses (Ann Emerg Med. 1985;14:1-9; Clin Toxicol. 2007;45:203-233; Flomenbaum N, Goldfrank L, Hoffman R, et al. Goldfrank's toxicologic emergencies. 8th ed. McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc, 2006).	2
A final dosage of 60 mg/kg was used.	2
After unsuccessful therapy with ganciclovir and foscarnet, combined antiviral and anti-inflammatory treatment with cidofovir and prednisolone controlled the HHV-6 infection and enabled resolution of clinical symptoms.	2
Two days later, the patient's QTc interval had decreased to 546 msec, and she was discharged home.	2
METHODS: Case series consisting of 3 patients treated with rifabutin were retrospectively studied.	2
Drug-induced gingival enlargement: biofilm control and surgical therapy with gallium-aluminum-arsenide (GaAlAs) diode laser-A 2-year follow-up.	2
Camptocormia occurred concomitantly with an increase of the plasma valproate level from about 330 mumol/l up to 530 mumol/l.	2
The aim of this article is to report weight loss in patients with schizophrenia after switching from olanzapine standard oral tablet (SOT) to olanzapine orally disintegrating tablets (ODT).	2
RESULTS: Six patients with CSC were found to be chronic users of corticosteroid (four patients) or both beta adrenergic agonist and corticosteroid (two patients) metered dose inhalers or nasal sprays.	2
Aspirin is one of the world's most commonly used medications and its use benefits many diverse conditions.	2
Review of all reported cases of the use of ATRA in pregnancy revealed no serious adverse outcomes or congenital anomalies although only very few cases had exposure in the first trimester.	2
Serologic HIV was negative and HHV8 viremia was under the limit of quantitation of the assay.	2
Adenosine has become the preferred treatment for common types of supraventricular tachycardia because it is extremely effective and rarely associated with with serious side effects.	2
The patient, a paraplegic, was treated with dantrolene and made a full recovery.	2
We think that our case was a new late pulmonary complication after UCBT.	2
It was not detected either on FA or ICGA with the conventional camera.	2
Signs of severe liver disease included elevated aminotransferases, conjugated hyperbilirubinemia, significant coagulopathy, hepatosplenomegaly and ascites.	2
This report will, hopefully, save other clinicians from encountering similar complications in any of their patients.	2
A single course of cladribine has been used commonly over the past decade to treat hairy cell leukaemia, with an impressive rate of complete remission and few serious adverse effects.	2
Clinic records were reviewed to extract clinical and laboratory data.	2
Acute renal failure (ARF) is a rare but severe complication of active idiopathic nephrotic syndrome (INS) in children.	2
Electron microscopic analysis also revealed a minor population of small adipocytes, suggesting active differentiation or proliferation.	2
Possible side effects of tPA injection, such as increased intraocular pressure and corneal edema, were not observed.	2
It is particularly important in the treatment of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) since it reduces new organ involvement and disease flares, and relieves skin and joint symptoms.	2
This process was not reversed by lamivudine therapy, hemodialysis, and the use of a Molecular Adsorbent Recirculating System.	2
"Syndrome malin"-like symptoms probably due to interaction between neuroleptica and oral antidiabetic agents.	2
Once benefit occurred, we discontinued or reduced other anticataplectic medication.	2
Annual tests of serum ferritin showed progressive increase.	2
Treatment with continuous intravenous naloxone infusion, lumbar catheter drainage of cerebrospinal fluid, and control of hypertension and status epilepticus resulted in an excellent outcome with return to neurological baseline.	2
During attempted conversion from aripiprazole to clozapine, the patient experienced a significant reduction in psychiatric features.	2
The mechanism remains unclear.	2
Glucagon is considered the drug of choice for treating bradycardia and hypotension encountered during beta-blocker poisoning.	2
The presence of olanzapine was confirmed by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry by use of electron impact ionization.	2
There were also larger cells (immunoblastic shape) that displayed CD20 positively, some scattered plasma cells, and eosinophils.	2
A case report.	2
It is said that leprosy reaction should be properly classified for therapeutic reasons, since it is well known that in Lucio phenomenon there is not a good response to thalidomide.	2
CASE DESCRIPTION: A 37-year-old woman was started on weekly interferon beta-1a (IFN beta-1a) following a diagnosis of multiple sclerosis (MS).	2
An anaplastic large cell lymphoma that was negative for Epstein-Barr virus and positive for Ki-1 (CD30) presented as a polypoid scalp mass in a 56-year-old man 16 years after renal transplantation.	2
The cutaneous manifestations of infection can include papules, plaques, nodules, vesicles, ulcers, ecchymosis, and, rarely, cellulitis.	2
However, a common source for these infections could not be demonstrated.	2
The patient was started on low molecular weight heparin, which resulted in resolution of her clinical condition.	2
The primary outcome (behavioural disturbances) was measured prospectively by the Neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI), while other outcomes included cognition (Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE)) and Clinical Global Impression.	2
Severe heroin-induced pulmonary edema occurred in three previously healthy young men.	2
DESIGN: Case report.	2
In HIV-infected patients with metabolic disorders, as in the general population, there is evidence of hypertension requiring pharmacological treatment.	2
Eleven patients presented with congenital hydrocephalus (including 5 with myelomeningocele and 3 with posthemorrhagic hydrocephalus) and 4 with hydrocephalus secondary to central nervous system (CNS) tumors.	2
A 31-year-old, white man was admitted after sustaining a gunshot wound to the chest and mandible.	2
Inflammatory myopathy has been associated with systemic inflammatory processes, endocrinopathies, malignancies and infections.	2
In December 1983, symptoms of Parkinson disease developed in a 55-year-old man with no history of pulmonary disease, smoking, or asbestos exposure.	2
Bilateral Acanthamoeba keratitis in Synergeyes contact lens wear: clinical and confocal microscopy findings.	2
Several alternatives presently exist for patients considering surgical rhinoplasty.	2
Following administration of 0.1 mmol/kg of gadodiamide to a patient with end-stage renal disease, the serum clearance of this contrast agent by automated PD was examined.	2
Symptoms disappeared rapidly following cessation of emepromium bromide therapy.	2
The high-intra-articular fluid pressures can force the pyogenic fluid into a pre-existing Baker's cyst.	2
In 98 patients in whom complex ventricular ectopy was controlled, there were 6 sudden deaths, that is, an annual mortality of 2.3 percent.	2
The ECG showed atrial fibrillation with a rapid ventricular rate.	2
We describe a 57-year-old woman with acute lymphoblastic leukemia who had a cavitary lesion develop in the right upper lobe caused by Cunninghamella bertholletiae, a zygomycete.	2
Radiation-induced osteosarcoma arising 20 years after the treatment of Ewing's sarcoma.	2
Drug-induced gingival hyperplasia is well documented within the literature.	2
The efficacy and safety of fluticasone has been established at recommended doses of 200 micrograms/day, but not at higher doses that are often used.	2
It's much better now and I have more energy." Such comments justify our efforts on our patients' behalf.	2
When the seizures were controlled with midazolam, the hypotension subsided and norepinephrine was decreased.	2
Video game epilepsy.	2
It is suggested that high dosage corticosteroids may damage the posterior blood-ocular barrier.	2
At 24 months of age the infant's neurodevelopment was normal.	2
Similarities to dinitrochlorobenzene (DNCB) are pointed out.	2
We describe a 64-year-old man with diabetes, chronic kidney disease, and anemia who was treated consecutively with epoetin alfa and darbepoetin alfa and experienced a temporal reduction in A1C level to a nadir of 4.4%.	2
The patients were not experiencing rebound phenomena at the onset of treatment with naratriptan.	2
Eosinophilic gastroenteritis (EGE) is a rare condition of unknown etiology characterized by eosinophilic infiltration of the gastrointestinal (GI) tract.	2
We report the case of a 45-year-old man who had disseminated blastomycosis that involved the lungs, skin, and ocular uvea and who was successfully treated with systemic and local antifungal therapy.	2
Here we report four cases.	2
We discuss the potential mechanisms associated to OXC and status migrainosus, drug-induced headaches and uncontrolled headaches.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Nocardiosis should be considered a potential pathogen in this immunocompromised setting.	2
He is known to have had epilepsy since childhood.	2
It helps to reduce the serious toxic side effects of calcineurin inhibitors (CNIs).	2
Am J Med 1994: 96: 200-209) with multiple positive blood cultures for S. aureus and a mitral valve vegetation on transesophageal echocardiogram.	2
After cessation of the sulfasalazine and completion of a six-week course of corticosteroids, these problems resolved over a period of four to six months.	2
These findings suggest that disturbed serine-glycine metabolism may have a key role in certain schizophreniform psychotic syndromes.	2
During the three years of follow-up, both pulmonary sarcoidosis and hepatitis C have not recurred.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Cough has been encountered commonly after the administration of ACE inhibitors.	2
Unexpectedly, the patient developed a severe skin reaction in the region exposed to the radiation field, and a bilateral subdural hemorrhage, following radiation therapy.	2
As a clinical entity atrioventricular (AV) block due to hypothyroidism is rare.	2
When retested 3 months later, at which time the serum T4 was 5.5 micrograms/dl, the patient was somewhat less hypothyroid and there was an exaggerated TSH response to exogenous TRH, indicating recovery of pituitary TSH reserve.	2
Severe lidocaine intoxication by cutaneous absorption.	2
We reviewed the findings for healthy volunteers/donors who developed haematological malignancies following PEG-rHuMGDF or G-CSF administration.	2
Two of the three cases had received blood transfusions, and attention is drawn to the possibility that mitomycin C may sensitise the kidneys to minor mismatches.	2
Neither our patient's clinical symptoms nor her serologic parameters improved possibly because of the low dosage and/or short duration of cyclosporine A treatment.	2
Punctate keratitis with keratinization of the cornea led to complete loss of vision.	2
RESULTS: Symptomatic epiphora of the affected eyes was reduced after 2 weeks.	2
Niemann-Pick type C is an autosomal-recessive, neurovisceral storage disorder that results from defective cholesterol esterification.	2
Retrospective reanalysis of the radiation therapy technique, with emphasis on the doses received by the optic pathway structures, was performed.	2
Little is known about the behaviour of endogenous thrombopoietin (TPO) serum levels during rapid sequences of dose-intensified chemotherapy.	2
For these reasons vasoconstrictor imidazoline containing solutions should be prescribed with caution and kept out of reach of children.	2
Though prosthetic infection with Brucella spp. is an extremly rare condition (only 1 case each of femur and hip, and 3 cases of knee had been previously reported in the English literature), brucella infection of prosthetic joints should be considered in brucella endemic areas.	2
A 3-year-old boy diagnosed with acute lymphoblastic leukemia received induction chemotherapy.	2
A renal biopsy showed diffuse mesangial proliferation with marked glomerular infiltration of macrophages and massive subendothelial and mesangial deposits.	2
The rapid development of pulmonary aspergillosis associated with the formation of an Aspergillus mycetoma should be attributed to the loss of normal immune mechanisms due to immunosuppressive treatment.	2
Epidural abscess and meningitis, a complication of spinal anesthesia in a bacteraemic patient.	2
The effect of repeated exposure to specific chemicals on the initiation or progression of mycosis fungoides (MF) remains unsettled.	2
We report the impact on the patient management of two liver biopsies, which diagnosed an initial drug induced hepatitis and subsequently an atypical HCV related hepatitis.	2
Bilateral Acanthamoeba keratitis with late recurrence of the infection in a corneal graft: a case report.	2
We describe a patient who developed disseminated Fusarium infection with a secondary fungal endophthalmitis after an autologous bone marrow transplant for acute myeloid leukemia.	2
The patient developed classic signs of TLS within 24 h of chemotherapy, including acute renal failure.	2
Using micro broth dilution technique the isolated strain was shown to be most susceptible to penicillin G, cephalothin, and ciprofloxacin, with minimal inhibitory concentrations of 0.00025, 0.004, and 0.002 mg/l, respectively; and with minimal bactericidal concentrations (99.9% killing) of 0.25, 0.12, and 0.008 mg/l, respectively.	2
The activity of the circulating anticoagulant and the BFP disappeared within days following discontinuation of procainamide and the administration of corticosteroids.	2
Little hematologic and no gastrointestinal or central nervous system toxicity was experienced.	2
We present a case of drug-induced acute interstitial nephritis (AIN), complicated with ARF, in a 2(1/2) -year-old girl with active INS.	2
Clinical features compatible with mixed hepatocellular and cholestatic liver disease including jaundice, white stools and dark urine, manifested in all three cases whereas encephalopathy and ascites were present in two of the patients.	2
Thiazolidinedione-induced edema.	2
She had been receiving TPN for 2.5 years when she developed cholestasis which worsened despite adjustments to her TPN regimen.	2
A 69-year-old man with ulcerative colitis (UC) developed sensorimotor polyneuropathy.	2
She improved with administration of diazepam, but needed repetition of this treatment over the next 16 hours.	2
Pulmonary function test showed a mild restriction.	2
His symptoms included bradycardia, hypotension, hypothermia, pallor, cyanosis, and impaired consciousness.	2
About 45% of the total body amount can be extracted through a 3-h course of hemodialysis with resultant improvement in symptoms.	2
All her symptoms gradually subsided over the next few hours.	2
Antipsychotic-induced RLS and PLMS are not well-recognized side effects of antipsychotics, with the symptoms often misdiagnosed as psychotic agitation.	2
However, viral tests had remained positive for 8-39 days.	2
Pathological features and a considerable improvement in myocardial function after withdrawal implicated the exogenous catecholamine excess in the pathogenesis of the cardiomyopathy.	2
Muscle biopsy revealed fibrous myopathy.	2
A 42-year-old woman presented to our institution with a 2-week history of bone pain in the lower extremities.	2
Our observation would confirm this statement.	2
Polycystic ovarian disease, a condition characterized by unopposed estrinism due to the peripheral conversion of excessive androstenedione to estrone, was found in a 27-year-old infertile woman with an endometrial malignant mullerian mixed tumor.	2
The patient had removed the hair from her axillae with wax 3 weeks before the development of the eruption.	2
To date, clinical experience of rFVIIa administration in neonates, especially preterms, is rather limited, because of the lack of controlled studies and based solely on some published case reports and 1 prospective pilot study.	2
However, infection with C albicans should be recognized as an extremely common complication to the wearing of dentures.	2
While thrombolysis is a first-line treatment option in massive PE and acute MI, cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) has been regarded as a relative contraindication for thrombolysis because of the anticipated bleeding risk caused by traumatic cardiocompressions.	2
AmBisome treatment of fungal sinusitis in severe immunocompromised patient with acute lymphoblastic leukemia relapsed after autologous peripheral blood transplantation.	2
Histological analysis of a lung biopsy showed a diffuse infiltration with pigmented macrophages without granulomas, which particularly involved the pulmonary arterial and venular walls.	2
A diagnosis of extrahepatic cholestasis was first suspected, due to the observation of a duodenal diverticulum and dilated proximal choledocus.	2
Bone marrow transplant nephropathy (BMTN) classically presents more than 100 days after transplantation as an acute nephritis with hypertension, azotaemia and anemia that usually results in end stage renal failure (ESRF).	2
Limb dysfunction can be prolonged.	2
Reduction of postoperative pain is an important goal in the perioperative management of tonsillectomy patients.	2
The clinical setting and diagnostic evaluation suggest multiple mechanisms for the hypersensitivity response.	2
Median performance status (SWOG) was 2 (1 to 3), and clinical presentations included nephrotic syndrome (n = 1), symptomatic cardiomyopathy (n = 1), gastrointestinal involvement with polyneuropathy (n = 2), and hepatomegaly (n = 1).	2
We report two cases of severe, acute myopathy with selective degeneration of myosin filaments in asthmatics who developed respiratory failure with hypercapnia and acidosis requiring endotracheal intubation, administration of vecuronium and prolonged ventilatory support.	2
At post-mortem there was minimal leukaemic infiltration but there were alterations in the liver architecture sufficient to explain the portal hypertension.	2
The patient was well on routine follow-up at the outpatient clinic, with no progression of lymphoma or interstitial pneumonitis.	2
INV(12) (p13q11) and dicentric chromosomes in a secondary leukaemia with basophilia.	2
The authors report a world class runner who sustained a rupture requiring surgical intervention.	2
Aggressive antibiotic management and attainment of complete remission of his leukemia resulted in a successful outcome.	2
A 62-year-old woman with chronic active hepatitis receiving immunosuppressive drugs was initially admitted with sepsis secondary to an intra-abdominal abscess caused by Klebsiella pneumoniae.	2
A renal tubular abnormality may have allowed the usually self-limiting acidosis of acetazolamide to progress.	2
On both occasions the symptoms resolved after treatment.	2
Patients who developed this syndrome did not differ from other patients in baseline ratings on the Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale (BPRS) and the Scale for the Assessment of Negative Symptoms, except that patients who developed the syndrome had a significantly higher mean baseline rating on the BPRS anxiety subscale.	2
Treatment with sodium bicarbonate readily corrected a potentially life-threatening cardiac arrhythmia and is therefore suggested to be imperative in the treatment of these cases.	2
SETTING: Hospital-based pathology laboratory processing inpatient and outpatient specimens.	2
In four of the patients, there was evidence of sodium depletion due to low sodium intake, diuretic administration, or vomiting.	2
Patients stabilized on glyburide who are started on a fluoroquinolone should have their glucose levels monitored closely.	2
Successful treatment of tardive and spontaneous dyskinesias with corticosteroids.	2
At three years progression free survival was 24% for the radiotherapy arm and 69% for the chemoradiotherapy group (P < 0.001), and three-year survival was 47% for the radiotherapy arm compared with 78% for the combined arm (P = 0.005).	2
Two patients who initially reacted to an oral solution formulation subsequently tolerated the corn oil-based soft gelatin capsule.	2
RESULTS: Nine children presented with clinically significant lead poisoning.	2
A total of 1.5% (n = 41) and 2.0% (n = 52) of patients were receiving fluoxetine or tricyclics (amitriptyline or nortriptyline, n = 31; imipramine or desipramine, n = 16; protriptyline or trimipramine, n = 5).	2
Overall, there were no relevant changes in clinical ratings including adverse effects.	2
A case is reported of a true monocytic leukemoid reaction in a patient with myelodysplastic syndrome related to the effect of corticosteroids on the underlying marrow disorder.	2
Hypersensitivity to the drug has not been reported.	2
A case is described of a life threatening vasculitis of the small bowel leading to massive gastrointestinal haemorrhage which was apparently due to cytomegalovirus inclusion disease.	2
Her serum transaminase and albumin levels were normal.	2
After one fall, the patient became delirious.	2
The test, using peritoneal dialysis fluid, was positive for Streptococcus epidermidis.	2
Calcium administration should also be considered.	2
As in this case, infection may be systemic and not confined to the intestine.	2
Some days after the administration of a third bolus of ABVD (adriamycin, bleomycin, vinblastine, dacarbazine) a patient affected by immunoblastic lymphoma underwent a neurotoxic crisis.	2
The serum creatinine level gradually declined over 2 weeks, and the patient was discharged home with a serum creatinine level of 1.6 mg/dL.	2
Various features are often seen during the course of the disease.	2
Heterotopic intrauterine and tubal pregnancy complicated by pulmonary embolism.	2
During IFN therapy, he had normal aminotransferase levels and no detectable HCV RNA, a condition that persists to the present.	2
A case report of treatment with intra-arterial urokinase and review.	2
However, because only a small proportion of the baclofen penetrates into the central nervous system when administered orally, we tested whether it is possible to increase the efficacy of treatment by continuous intrathecal infusion of baclofen (CITB) in a patient with severe tardive axial dystonia unresponsive to conventional therapy.	2
Successful treatment with arsenic trioxide of a patient with ATRA-resistant relapse of acute promyelocytic leukemia.	2
DESIGN: Case report.	2
Three patients presented with myoclonic seizures refractory to valproic acid and the usual antiepileptic therapy.	2
Prevention, early recognition of the clinical presentation, identification and removal of the offending agents, supportive care, and specific pharmacologic therapy are all important to the successful management of serotonin syndrome.	2
Mammographically the malignant microcalcifications appeared only in the region of the breast where the primary tumor was found.	2
A specific autoimmune disease was not identified.	2
She developed a wide complex dysrhythmia which responded to sodium bicarbonate therapy.	2
CYP2D6 gene deletion allele in patients with neuroleptic malignant syndrome: preliminary report.	2
Serologic responses were highly suggestive of T. gondii as the etiology in all cases; other causes (CMV retinitis and syphilis) were actively sought and were not found.	2
The child did not require dialysis therapy.	2
A dermatologist diagnosed this as Sweet's syndrome caused by G-CSF; consequently G-CSF administration was stopped.	2
Conservative therapy with oxygen and metronidazole improved the PI symptoms.	2
RESULTS: Withdrawal of the drug and initiation of corticosteroid drops resulted in prompt resolution of the choroidal detachment.	2
A small part of TGA has a familiar occurrence.	2
We speculate that the beneficial effect of IFN-alpha in the treatment of PTLD is directly related to the inhibition of type 2 helper (Th2-like) T-cells.	2
In addition, patients with clinical signs suggestive of NMS should be monitored more carefully.	2
The case of a 46-year-old woman with chronic hepatitis C who was prescribed subcutaneous pegylated interferon once a week and oral ribavirin once a day is presented.	2
Pancreatic enzymes were discontinued, and she was given a low-fat, high-carbohydrate diet with satisfactory weight gain.	2
Effect of a GnRH analogue (leuprolide) on benign prostatic hypertrophy.	2
Radiography disclosed a lumbosacral intradural tumor.	2
This case series demonstrates that secondary open-angle glaucoma can be a sight-threatening consequence, and periorbital steroids should therefore be used cautiously and sparingly, particularly in those with a family history of glaucoma.	2
This case report illustrates the importance of early detection of drug-induced hepatotoxicity and timely drug discontinuation to prevent the need for liver transplantation.	2
Extravasation injury is a common event in pediatric intensive-care units.	2
Vardenafil is a new oral phosphodiesterase inhibitor used for erectile dysfunction.	2
Visual field improvement after neodymium: YAG laser puncture of miotic cysts.	2
CASE PRESENTATION: A 33-month-old girl was diagnosed with CF at 6 months of age.	2
The absence of borderline mutations in the normal population, and the co-segregation of the expanded allele with neurological signs in one kindred suggest that SCA2 mutations may be responsible for a subset of familial parkinsonism.	2
The pharmacokinetics of oral 6-mercaptopurine (6MP) was assessed in 20 children with acute lymphoblastic leukemia during maintenance therapy.	2
In the other patient, APL was diagnosed 46 months after liver transplantation for congenital biliary atresia.	2
Drug-induced rhabdomyolysis is an established but rare adverse effect of high doses of cholesterol-lowering agents (statins) or interactions between drugs (eg, statins and fibrates).	2
In March 1999, a 35-year-old woman had uneventful laser in situ keratomileusis in both eyes on the same day.	2
Leukemogenesis related to chemotherapy of ovarian carcinoma: a review with three new case reports.	2
The syndrome, diagnostic modalities, and therapeutic options are reviewed.	2
Stenoses in the left coronary artery were verified angiographically.	2
Although dasatinib is a generally well-tolerated drug in the treatment of Philadelphia chromosome positive hematopoetic malignancies, pleural effusions have been frequently noted and have been reported in up to 35% of patients (Sahn SA.	2
Diltiazem therapy was discontinued, leading to resolution of fever within 48 hours.	2
OBJECTIVE: To draw attention to severe presentations of atypical neuroleptic related diabetes and to document that a marked degree of remission can take place after drug withdrawal.	2
A gradual spontaneous recovery of normal hematopoiesis followed after the lenalidomide discontinuation.	2
The median time to progression was 3.9 months and the median overall survival time was 11.6 months.	2
Although corticosteroids are frequently used to prevent vomiting induced by chemotherapeutic agent, their mental effects have received little attention in oncology settings.	2
Somatostatin could also be helpful in bilio-pancreato-intestinal fistula, but in this case its advantage over elective surgical treatment remains to be confirmed.	2
We describe two patients who developed hypophosphatemia as a consequence of this form of therapy.	2
CT scan and ultrasound before the surgery did not show any tumor.	2
His diagnosis was reconfirmed and then treated with Pentostatin.	2
An oncological consultation recommended 4 mg nebulised morphine and 4 mg dexamethasone in saline as treatment for the bouts of breathlessness.	2
The injection of bulking agents into the urethral submucosa is designed to create artificial urethral cushions that can improve urethral coaptation and hence restore continence.	2
There are few published reports that discuss oral burns in children.	2
Stopping further solvent exposure failed to improve his condition.	2
A 73-year-old man was admitted for treatment of pleural dissemination that was a recurrence after right lower bilectomy for advanced lung cancer.	2
Low doses of topiramate are effective in essential tremor: a report of three cases.	2
RESULTS: Visual loss was mild and generally nonprogressive.	2
Severe autoimmune myasthenia gravis is difficult to manage and may require immunosuppression with cyclosporine.	2
Since herpesvirus has been shown to survive in the hot tub environment, herpes simplex should be considered as another potential cause of disease in the spa setting.	2
Malignant lymphoma of skin associated with postmastectomy lymphedema.	2
The above-mentioned second malignancy is one of the late sequelae of platinum-based chemoradiation.	2
The development of new pharmacological agents with varied properties and actions has increased the risk of serotonin syndrome as a clinical diagnosis.	2
The authors propose that differential involvement of dopamine systems may account for the transition from akathisia to tardive dyskinesia.	2
Pulmonary sarcoidosis following interferon therapy for advanced renal cell carcinoma.	2
In summary, adenosine should be recognized as a potentially dangerous intervention in patients with atrial flutter.	2
Early recognition of this rare syndrome, supportive management and withdrawal of the offending agent appear to result in a reversal of the manifestations described.	2
RESULTS: In total, 22 patients were treated with a combination of raltitrexed 3 mg/m2 every 3 weeks and mitomycin-C 7 mg/m2 every 6 weeks for up to 24 weeks.	2
Histopathology was suggestive of a cutaneous drug eruption.	2
This report encourages the institution of HAART once the liver graft regains normal function.	2
OBJECTIVE: To describe and discuss the use of continuous intravenous infusions of haloperidol to treat severe delirium and agitation in 3 intensive care unit (ICU) patients.	2
He was treated with prednisolone, cyclophosphamide, cytosine-arabinoside and chlorambucil for the following three and a half years.	2
Extramedullary disease is rare in APL.	2
CONCLUSION: Concentrated epinephrine has the potential for complications when used during endoscopic sinus surgery.	2
Nonsurgical diseases such as acute colitis or enteritis can appear similar to such true surgical emergencies as abscess, perforation, or mesenteric ischemia.	2
The clinical manifestations, characteristic radiologic images, treatment outcome, and possible mechanisms of this late complication are presented.	2
She was treated with LAM, and her serum HBV DNA turned undetectable 2 weeks later.	2
She was treated with subcutaneous twice-daily danaparoid (Orgaran) for the remainder of the pregnancy, achieving anti-Xa levels in the therapeutic range 0.5-1.0 IU/ml.	2
One of the occult blood cards showed a positive result, and colonoscopy revealed a 5-cm lesion, identified as Dukes' A adenocarcinoma.	2
We studied this drug in a continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis (CAPD) and immunocompromised patient.	2
Using a computer-based algebraic approach, methods for modeling this uncertainty have been formulated.	2
This complication of insulin therapy was common in the past with the use of animal insulins and became less common with the increasing purification of these and the introduction of recombinant human insulin.	2
Intraarticular sodium hyaluronate injection to treat osteoarthritis is associated with minor side effects.	2
Intraperitoneal chromic phosphate is widely used as adjuvant therapy in the treatment of early-stage ovarian epithelial carcinoma.	2
We present the clinical history/presentation investigation and the outcome of the treatment.	2
She developed a pre-engraftment immune reaction, which responded well to prednisolone, and engraftment was documented.	2
The potential for a variety of local and systemic side effects from the use of potent topical corticosteroids has long been recognized.	2
A 24-year-old woman with type 1 neurofibromatosis receiving long-term baclofen therapy was admitted with presumed pneumonia which was successfully treated with antibiotics.	2
Examination revealed confusion, jaundice, signs of chronic liver disease, portal hypertension and hepatic encephalopathy.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Complications concerning a primary perforation of the bladder and instillation of chemotherapeutic drugs can be easily avoided by recognising the perforation intraoperatively.	2
Patient B continued at 80% of standard dose (2000 mg/m2) and symptoms resolved without further intervention.	2
Identification of the BCG strain was performed in many sites, such as bone marrow, ganglionic mass, cerebrospinal fluid and in the site of vaccination.	2
BACKGROUND: Merkel cell carcinoma is a rare and aggressive neuroendocrine skin cancer with a very low incidence in the general population.	2
The other patient is also in remission and on maintenance treatment for leukemia.	2
The sorrow of mistakes has been expressed as the too-lateness of human understanding as it lies along the continuum of time, and as a wish that it might have been different, both then and now" (p.149).	2
The patient developed pulmonary hypertension without a prior diagnosed cardiac and/or pulmonary disease.	2
It produces clinically malignant multivesicular infiltrating lesions most often in the liver, and is quite different from the usual cystic variety caused by E. granulosus.	2
A 40-year-old woman presented with an unusual form of corneal herpetic reactivation 5 weeks after laser in situ keratomileusis.	2
Moreover, antibody therapy does not take effect immediately, as is understandable in view of the mechanism of action.	2
Intranasal desmopressin provides symptomatic relief with few serious complications.	2
CONCLUSION: Our case shows a fatal side effect of erlotinib.	2
With the increasing use of chemotherapy for many different primary malignancies, secondary or therapy-related acute myeloid leukaemias (AML) and myelodysplastic syndromes (MDS) are becoming more common.	2
In phase I clinical trials, hepatitis weas the dose-limiting toxic effect and a dose of 60-70 mg/m2/day for 5 days was reported as the maximum-tolerated dose.	2
The connective tissue disease was characterized by an erythematous rash, hair loss, nephritis, splenomegaly, seizures, and coma.	2
Cyclophosphamide (CP) is an alkylating agent widely used in treating cancer and autoimmune disease.	2
It is well documented that cytotoxic treatment in patients carrying the hepatitis B virus (HBV) enhances the risk of severe hepatic damage.	2
It may induce rapid apoptosis and subsequent tumor lysis syndrome.	2
Hospital admissions at Thomas Jefferson University Hospital between 1982 and 2002 that carried the dual diagnosis of systemic lupus erythematosus and pancreatitis were identified, and demographic data, clinical interventions and parameters of clinical progression of their disease were identified.	2
No dose-rate effect has been reported, however.	2
Beginning the second day of therapy, the patient complained of nausea and associated vomiting.	2
Complete allergy study, including an oral challenge test, should be considered in these patients.	2
In transplant recipients, such tumors are more common and more aggressive but their treatment does not differ from the treatment of Merkel cell carcinomas in the general population.	2
The organism was unusual in its resistance to chloramphenicol and ampicillin; however, it was sensitive to a sulfonamide and trimethoprim.	2
The patient received an intravitreal injection of approximately 20 mg of triamcinolone acetonide.	2
Course of ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome in 19 intact twin pregnancies after assisted reproduction techniques, with a case report of severe thromboembolism.	2
Magnesium sulfate and digitalis-toxic arrhythmias.	2
However, alkylating agents overwhelmingly predominate as the class of compounds which are most often associated with terminal ANLL.	2
However, both the exacerbation of inflammatory bowel disease and de novo inflammatory bowel disease after orthotopic liver transplant (despite sufficient allograft immunosuppressive therapy) have been described.	2
Although PTLDs are usually Epstein-Barr virus-driven B-cell lymphoproliferations, T/natural killer-cell lymphoproliferations, multiple myeloma, and Hodgkin's lymphoma are also recognized as part of the PTLD spectrum.	2
The muscle rigidity and hyperpyrexia were unresponsive to intravenous benztropine but resolved within one hour of intravenous dantrolene 2 mg/kg.	2
Benign intracranial hypertension occurred in four young women taking tetracycline for acne; two were also taking vitamin A.	2
Tics and Tourette syndrome are common comorbidities of patients diagnosed with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).	2
Newer therapies usually undergo closer scrutiny before being accepted, often including placebo-controlled trials to show the efficacy of a medication.	2
Concern usually arises when a medication is added to a continuing regimen, though discontinuation of a medication can also have an impact.	2
During treatment with alefacept, the patient's psoriasis improved markedly without exacerbation of his photosensitive SCLE lesions.	2
During orthotopic liver transplantation a patient received epsilon-aminocaproic acid and clotting factors.	2
Rapid improvement in muscle strength accompanied by prompt resolution of abnormal elevation of muscle enzymes followed cessation of both medications.	2
Pulmonary symptoms include cough, wheezing, sputum production, dyspnea, hemoptysis, tachypneas, and pleuritic pain.	2
Although gemcitabine-based regimens have clear efficacy in refractory lymphoma, prior mediastinal radiation without subcarinal blocking may be a relative contraindication, especially in the presence of pericardial abnormalities on echocardiography.	2
Delayed recognition of intrathecal methotrexate overdose.	2
Clinical and biochemical recovery followed discontinuation of drug therapy.	2
Radiation enteritis: a rare complication of the transverse colon in uterine cancer.	2
The history of desmopressin use was not obtained at that time.	2
Treatment with methotrexate and prednisone.	2
Asthma is one of the most common chronic medical conditions.	2
Her symptoms soon alleviated and serum lipase level declined.	2
METHODS: Review of clinical chart and photographs.	2
Pathologic findings demonstrated on MR were (1) chronic brain edema, demonstrable over a period of 3-14 months (proved by autopsy in one patient); (2) multifocal white matter necrosis; and (3) deep brain atrophy.	2
The liver biopsy showed extensive ground-glass hepatocytes and thin septum-like fibrosis that formed portal-to-portal linkage.	2
Calciphylaxis is a rare and life-threatening condition of progressive cutaneous necrosis secondary to small and medium-sized vessel calcification that is seen almost exclusively in patients with end-stage renal disease and hyperparathyroidism.	2
All-trans retinoic acid (ATRA) has been shown to improve the outcome in patients with acute promyelocytic leukemia compared with chemotherapy alone, but it is associated with adverse effects.	2
In five patients, the eye that developed the tear was the second eye, whereas the first eye had a disciform scar.	2
SUMMARY: Patients with NSTE ACS for whom a conservative treatment strategy is selected should receive enoxaparin, fondaparinux, or unfractionated heparin (UFH) as anticoagulant therapy.	2
The psychotic reaction was thought to be due to steroid therapy since no other causes could explain the psychotic reaction.	2
Shortly before admission to our hospital, the patient had discontinued his hydrocortisone medication.	2
A significant inverse correlation was observed between the increase in the longitudinal diameter of the liver and the decline in albumin levels, and between the increase in the longitudinal diameter of the liver and the drop in platelet count.	2
Eight of the 14 women used no contraception at the time of the exposed pregnancy; 13 of the 14 women did not use two forms of contraception.	2
We describe three blood brothers who were involved in pottery glazing and suffered from repeated episodes of severe abdominal pain, nausea, vomiting, constipation and anemia due to lead toxicity.	2
In the 1st patient, clinical improvement occurred despite continuation of therapy, and in the 2nd the treatment was stopped with remission and rechallenge resulting in recurrence.	2
We report a patient with severe Crohn's disease and the short bowel syndrome on parenteral feeding who was not responding to conventional therapy and underwent treatment with cyclosporin (CyA) given initially intravenously and subsequently orally in each of two courses.	2
An almost total breast reduction was performed; 5 kg of right breast tissue and 7 kg of left breast tissue were excised.	2
A nerve conduction study showed conduction block at the elbow, indicating possible cubital tunnel syndrome.	2
Raynaud's phenomenon and acral necrosis after chemotherapy for AIDS-related Kaposi's sarcoma.	2
The mainstay of therapy has been potassium replacement, however, recent evidence suggests propranolol is a more effective therapy.	2
Both authors discuss a method of creating a postauricular pocket, burying the ear pedicle, and using costal cartilage for an inlay helical graft.	2
HDR in young children should be restricted to controlled clinical trials until long-term morbidity and efficacy results are obtained from pilot studies.	2
Biopsy and direct immunofluorescence study of the skin showed changes consistent with the diagnosis of lupus erythematosus.	2
RESULTS: A two-year-old boy was surgically treated for residual esotropia after two botulinum toxin A injections.	2
Preinjection visual acuity measured 20/80.	2
This clinically asymptomatic case of skeletal fluorosis was discovered, as in the 2 previously reported cases, by the examination of bone X-ray (performed as part of the routine work-up for rheumatoid arthritis) which showed evident osteosclerosis.	2
Intensive organ supportive measures and intravenous antibiotic therapy led to his gradual recovery.	2
Prior sexual profile included from no sexual outlet to hypersexuality.	2
On rechallenge she developed severe dyspnea, cough, and wheezing 20 minutes after administration.	2
We hypothesize that chronic inflammation of the pleura, caused by decades of empyema, associated with the presence of heterotopic squamous epithelium due to a long-standing esophago-pleural fistula, led to neoplastic transformation.	2
Henna is a traditional cosmetic agent and is used worldwide.	2
Steroid rosacea is a facial dermatitis clinically resembling acne rosacea.	2
We reviewed the cases of PnM in patients with DM treated with CsA.	2
Two days after the drug was discontinued, the duration of the QRS complex was normalized.	2
On plain X-ray films and CT scans of the abdomen, pancreatic stones began to be dissolved around 8 months of treatment, and diminished in size and number or disappeared in 21 patients (70%) during the mean follow-up period of 32 months.	2
Pustular psoriasis-like tinea incognito due to Trichophyton rubrum.	2
Two years later myasthenia gravis appeared.	2
The stimulation indices of the drug-induced lymphocyte stimulation test (DLST) for AZA in these two patients were as high as 2,180% and 430%, respectively, but those of healthy volunteers were under 120% without nonspecific suppression of lymphocyte proliferation.	2
This article reports the orthodontic treatment of 2 patients who were taking bisphosphonates.	2
Two patients with adrenal carcinoma treated with 2,2-bis (2-chlorophenyl-4-chlorophenyl)-1,1-dichloroethane (o,p'-DDD) as adjuvant therapy were studied.	2
The patient had no skin reactions for the next 12 mo, with the exception of injection-site papules.	2
The patient underwent an elective termination of an intrauterine pregnancy and subsequently was diagnosed with a pulmonary embolus, which delayed the diagnosis of her ruptured ectopic pregnancy.	2
When the infusion was transiently discontinued, recurrences of polymorphous ventricular tachycardia were noted.	2
This treatment is associated with local hemorrhagic complications and age-related cerebral hemorrhage.	2
Four children received ten alternate-day courses of ATG (horse antihuman thymocyte globulin) as well as antihistamines and corticosteroids to minimize allergic reactions.	2
Depending upon the severity of the exacerbation and the type of organ involvement, reactivation of sarcoidosis may require discontinuation of the interferon therapy, with or without the use of additional steroids.	2
These symptoms recurred following 2 subsequent administrations of metoclopramide.	2
There are few reports in the literature of hypoglycemia with concurrent administration of an oral hyperglycemic agent and a fluoroquinolone antibiotic.	2
Clinicians need to be aware of this rare but potentially fatal side effect in patients of all ages, and especially in adolescents receiving both drugs.	2
CONCLUSIONS: MMF is a potent immunosuppressive agent in liver transplantation.	2
Recurrent, bilateral, and severe conjunctival hemorrhages mandate the search for an underlying etiology, such as a blood dyscrasia, blood clotting disorder, or recurrent increased intrathoracic pressure caused by repetitive vomiting or coughing spells.	2
Over a 36-hour period, insulin was progressively decreased and finally stopped because of the rapid fall and normalization of blood glucose concentration.	2
Patient 1 had an arterial thrombosis, whereas Patient 2 had a venous thrombosis.	2
For one patient, thrombocytopenia due to autoantibodies to PEG-rHuMGDF developed shortly after PEG-rHuMGDF administration and persisted until chemotherapy was administered.	2
The mean duration of clozapine treatment was 12.10+/-6.26 years.	2
His arthritis remained quiescent while taking the drug and following its withdrawal his condition relapsed and his serum IgA level returned to normal.	2
Thrombolysis was administered and the patient recovered uneventfully.	2
This side effect has only once previously been reported with the nitrosourea group of compounds.	2
Because of the potential severity of this interaction, close monitoring of INR and warfarin dosage adjustment is recommended in patients receiving warfarin along with levamisole and 5-FU.	2
He did not have pneumonia.	2
No side effects or drug interactions were observed.	2
Thus, ultrasound may prevent inadvertent placement of the needle into these structures as might happen with either the blind technique or fluoroscopic technique.	2
Recurrent bacteremia by Chryseobacterium indologenes in an oncology patient with a totally implanted intravascular device.	2
Medical records and kidney biopsy specimens were reviewed and relevant data were collected.	2
Augmentation of aripiprazole with low-dose clozapine.	2
It is used worldwide not only as a cosmetic agent to stain the hair, skin and nails but also is applied to the body on lesions in the treatment of seborrheic dermatitis or fungal infections.	2
We review the literature and discuss its pathogenesis.	2
New therapeutic approaches should be explored.	2
Scleral buckling and pars plana vitrectomy reattached the retina.	2
The successful use of streptokinase therapy in a child with chronic thrombosis of a prosthetic valve (Carbomedics) in the tricuspid position is presented.	2
It emphasizes the need for close surveillance of renal function and blood pressure during such therapy even in patients with relative preservation of renal function.	2
Sertraline 50 mg/day was again prescribed for the patient's persistent depressed mood.	2
Glycopeptide-induced neutropenia: cross-reactivity between vancomycin and teicoplanin.	2
After admission, albumin-dominant proteinuria persisted despite the discontinuation of interferon therapy.	2
No sedative or anxiolytic effect comparable to minor or major tranquilizers could be observed.	2
These cases highlight that nitritoid reactions can be severe and may be heralded by milder symptoms.	2
Based on the limited knowledge of the natural history of herpetic esophagitis and lack of prospective antiviral trials, symptomatic therapy with viscous Xylocaine appears reasonable.	2
In our study, we recorded glucose dynamics by a continuous glucose monitor system over 2 to 3 days before and during acarbose treatment, while the patient was on a well-controlled diet.	2
Data suggest that addition of amphetamine to varenicline may negate the partial agonism of varenicline, resulting in elimination of the smoking-cessation aid's benefits.	2
The acute renal failure patients had neoplastic disorders and were considered to be septic at the time that multiple antibiotics were administered.	2
Within one month the corneal ulcer and infiltration disappeared.	2
METHODS: A 58-year-old man with bulky metastatic melanoma of the liver was treated with transcatheter arterial infusion of cisplatin and embolization therapy.	2
Phenytoin desensitization in a child with symptomatic localization-related epilepsy.	2
A review of the literature, which yielded 23 other reports of endocarditis due to this organism, suggests that Lactobacillus is a rare cause of endocarditis.	2
A case report.	2
This case illustrates that posttransplant primary cutaneous CD30+ anaplastic large cell lymphomas may assume an aggressive clinical course but can still be controlled by systemic chemotherapy.	2
It occurs in approximately 0.07-2.2% of patients treated with neuroleptics.	2
Bone marrow or stem cell transplantation is an established therapy for haematological malignancies.	2
PURPOSE: To describe the use of intravitreal bevacizumab followed by sectorial retinal photocoagulation to treat the neovascular complications of laser-induced chorioretinal anastomosis (L-CRA) for nonischaemic central retinal vein occlusion (CRVO).	2
Mutation analyses were performed by the John F.	2
Rate of mitral thrombosis is 3.9% and aortic 0.25%.	2
In most patients with catheter-related Rhodotorula fungemia, the condition has been treated with broadspectrum antibiotics.	2
Management of Graves' ophthalmopathy includes high-dose glucocorticoids.	2
Several therapeutic and dietary manipulations failed to control these symptoms in previous reports as well as in an infant we have followed after Nissen fundoplication.	2
The patient's isolate was susceptible in vitro.	2
The coexistence of acute myeloid leukemia (AML) and CLL in the same patient has been occasionally reported.	2
GVHD is a recognized complication of autologous hematopoietic progenitor cell transplantation (HPCT), but has typically been reported to respond well to primary therapy with corticosteroids.	2
We present a case of chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy occurring subsequent to influenza vaccination in a 74-year-old gentleman with no previous neurological history.	2
PATIENTS AND METHODS: Three patients with Parkinson's disease undergoing bilateral micro-recording guided surgery of the subthalamic nucleus (STN) are described; deep brain stimulation (DBS) was used in one case, and subthalamotomy in the other two.	2
After 582 allogeneic bone marrow transplants, we have encountered four patients (0.7%) who developed transient unilateral or bilateral sixth nerve palsies.	2
On admission she was unconscious with absent brainstem reflexes and multifocal stimulus-sensitive myoclonus.	2
CASE SUMMARY: A 61-year old man with a history of sick sinus syndrome with persistent atrial fibrillation and infrequent premature ventricular contractions was admitted to the hospital for symptoms of amnesia and disorientation to time, place, and date.	2
Case examples illustrate problems of teacher compliance in filling out measures, supplying adequate placebos, and obtaining physician cooperation, and with the practical issue of providing adequate data without overwhelming the time and resources of participants.	2
On-going monitoring of alteplase-treated patients may allow the opportunity to perform rescue intra-arterial therapy.	2
This paper presents 3 sisters with Gitelman syndrome who could not tolerate magnesium supplements, and whose hypotension and polyuria were eliminated by taking 2 mg/kg/day indometacin, but who grew poorly.	2
A 13-year-old boy was diagnosed as acute lymphoblastic leukemia following radiotherapy and chemotherapy for treatment of medulloblastoma.	2
Recent evidence also suggests that these same medications enhance the patient's response to acute migraine therapies, and may also reduce the likelihood of developing chronic daily headache.	2
One child showed massive cell destruction which caused hyperuricemic nephropathy.	2
CASES: A 37-year-old man with chronic hepatitis C and a 59-year-old man with chronic myeloid leukemia, both of whom had received IFN therapy, were referred to our outpatient clinic.	2
High-dose cytosine arabinoside may benefit patients with refractory acute leukemia.	2
SRL was changed to mycophenolate mofetil, which was followed by quick normalization of serum aminotransferase levels.	2
The possible mechanisms for this complication in out patient are discussed.	2
Recent data in animal studies have indicated that olanzapine and clozapine rapidly impair whole-body insulin sensitivity in a dose-dependent manner.	2
The vasopressin was stopped, and the skin lesion progressed to bullae formation with extensive superficial erosion.	2
Diagnosis was made by serial blood glucose determinations during a 20- to 24-hour period after insulin administration.	2
Post-influenza vaccine chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy.	2
Various medical treatments had been tried with meager results.	2
The treatment of amputee residual limb pain can at times be a challenge for the physician.	2
Flucloxacillin is a commonly prescribed semisynthetic penicillinase-resistant penicillin primarily used for the treatment of cutaneous staphylococcal infections.	2
Calcium hopantenate is a pantothenic acid antagonist.	2
Diagnosis and treatment of chronic postoperative bacterial endophthalmitis.	2
The occurrence of torsades de pointe is often associated with the use of drugs.	2
Ileal biopsy revealed an erosive enteritis with mucosal inflammatory infiltrate and disruption of the surface epithelium.	2
Effects of highly overdosed indomethacin in a preterm infant with symptomatic patent ductus arteriosus.	2
Treatment of coccidioidomycosis with amphotericin B may be accomplished via an Ommaya reservoir.	2
This method precisely limits the exposure to methotrexate, allowing a therapeutic effect without complication even in those patients who exhibit methotrexate sensitivity.	2
A detailed description of the cardiac event is provided for one patient who was on a cardiac monitor during the adverse reaction.	2
This case should increase awareness of the risk of invasive disease caused by penicillin-resistant Streptococcus pneumoniae in the early postoperative period after splenectomy.	2
Chemotherapy schedules including alkylating agents were administered for 1 year, resulting in subsequent remission of the lymphoma.	2
CONCLUSION: This patient's neurological deficits were not due to the epidural analgesia.	2
Treatment of iron overload in adults with continuous parenteral desferrioxamine.	2
Serum creatinine increased to 6.1 mg/dL on day 4 of admission from a baseline of 1.0 mg/dL.	2
Furthermore, a chest CT scan in case 1 and an arteriography in case 2 confirmed the PTE-related hypoperfusion.	2
In two of the cases, the patients had documented histories of vascular disease, which their internists had identified as the cause of their impotence.	2
DISCUSSION: Opioid dependence is generally considered synonymous with heroin dependence or dependence on prescribed opioid analgesics.	2
The lamellar inflammation was refractory to topical steroids and only resolved when pressure was controlled.	2
A mechanism of unopposed alpha stimulation as a result of beta-2 receptor blockade is proposed, and a cautious approach to the use of propranolol in these patients is suggested.	2
It has been proposed that the elevated serum uric acid levels are linked to other risk factors, such as hypertension, dyslipidaemia and diabetes.	2
The patients developed uveitis, sometimes in combination with a transient rash, arthralgia, arthritis, jaundice and pseudojaundice.	2
After discussion with the patients with regard to the management of this condition and possible complications, five opted for botulinum toxin therapy and five declined further intervention.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Intravitreal bevacizumab appears to be an effective tool in the immediate control of neovascularization following L-CRA for nonischaemic CRVO.	2
The clinical course is usually aggressive.	2
Although the cardiotoxicity of 5-FU is well documented, there is little published data about cardiovascular adverse effects of Capecitabine.	2
RSV was the only infectious agent that could be isolated, and treatment with aerosolized ribavirin lead to prompt improvement of all symptoms.	2
Thirteen patients with squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) and 3 patients with non-SCC who had recurrent/metastatic disease received S-1 monotherapy as outpatients.	2
A case report.	2
A brief literature review is provided to assist in explaining the mechanisms by which clinically significant cerebral edema may develop.	2
Metronidazole was initiated at a dose of 500 mg orally three times daily and continued for 10 days.	2
In young children, however, they can also stimulate alpha2receptors in the cardiovascular and central nervous systems, possibly causing cardiovascular, neurological, and respiratory depression.	2
By repeated testing other causes of diarrhea, e. g., infectious diarrhea including Clostridium difficile colitis were excluded.	2
Rejection of blood transfusions by individuals of this faith is usually blamed to justify this attitude, thus leading to severe personal, medical and psychological distress related to the lack of care.	2
Therefore we recommend close follow up for patients that are switched from stavudine to zidovudine and, in case lactate measurement is not possible, free programs should provide safer drugs such as abacavir and tenofovir for patients that develop hyperlactatemia.	2
The thyrotropin (TSH) level was normal before IFN-alpha was started.	2
Mucopurulent conjunctivitis and exposure keratitis developed in several patients and spontaneous corneal perforation developed in one.	2
Given the evolving role of second autologous transplantations in the therapeutic armamentarium for multiple myeloma, consideration of this potential toxicity may be appropriate when considering treatment options for these patients.	2
After the oily carcinostatic agents were administered by Lp-TAE, HT, at a temperature of greater than 42.5 degrees C, was induced for 40 min, twice a week by an RF of 8 MHz for a total of 10 to 38 times.	2
Following repair of the graft override on postoperative day 42, the epithelial defect healed.	2
Despite discontinuance of the drug and/or institution of corticosteroid therapy, progressive respiratory failure led to death.	2
If radiotherapy over extensive areas of the body is needed, the use of IL-2 must be postponed until radiotherapy is completed.	2
Bone marrow chromosomes were studied in 2 patients with polycythaemia vera (PV) at the time of diagnosis and several times subsequently during therapy with chlorambucil.	2
CONCLUSIONS: The need for prophylactic anticonvulsant therapy especially utilizing phenytoin in patients undergoing cranial radiation therapy should be assessed on a case by case basis.	2
Antibiotic irrigation of the capsular bag to resolve low-grade endophthalmitis.	2
At discharge she had no symptoms of heart failure.	2
Reports in the literature of isolated agranulocytosis are few, although they may be associated with significant morbidity and mortality.	2
Glucocorticoid-induced osteoporosis (GIO) is an important problem that remains undertreated, even by rheumatologists.	2
He developed postural headache and severe nausea and vomiting after a diagnostic lumbar puncture.	2
Rush oral desensitization with Viokase solution was attempted, starting with 5 mg, and the dose was doubled every 20 minutes, aiming to reach a cumulative dose of 700 mg.	2
This represents a significant improvement over normal body clearance (4.7 ml/min/kg) in pediatric patients.	2
Visceral leishmaniasis is rare among patients under immunosuppressive therapies, and even more among patients under anti-TNF-alpha treatment, where only four cases have been described.	2
Coagulation and complete blood count values were within the normal range.	2
All three patients had clinical courses characteristic of RS and two had supportive histologic findings on liver biopsy.	2
Griseofulvin may be associated with an increased incidence of adverse cutaneous reactions in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus.	2
Therapy consisted of 3 cycles of induction cisplatin/5-fluorouracil chemotherapy followed by radiotherapy.	2
Laser light was applied at a power of 400 mW/cm fiber for a total energy of 180 J/cm.(2) RESULTS: Fourteen treatments were performed on 6 patients with tumors of Bismuth types IV (n = 2), III (n = 3), or II (n = 1).	2
Abnormal behaviour consisted of elevated mood, euphoria, and increased energy in both patients, and pressure of speech and decreased need for sleep in one of them.	2
Discontinuing the drug quickly resulted in disappearance of the dyspnea.	2
However, during the treatment, he developed a pulmonary embolism.	2
This result suggests that a change in the serotonin reuptake mechanism may be involved in the effect of nc-EST on depression.	2
Puberty started at 11.2 years and menarche occurred at 12.7 years.	2
Two patients with RAS responded with a rise in haemoglobin concentration to > 130 g/l.	2
Corticosteroid therapy was continued, but azathioprine was stopped after diagnosis.	2
After 3 weeks of CI a thrombus formation in the portal vein was detected by ultrasound and confirmed by duplex ultrasound.	2
Pirmenol hydrochloride is a new orally effective, long-acting antiarrhythmic agent currently used in patients with supraventricular and ventricular tachyarrhythmias.	2
Spironolactone was continued, as serum creatinine and potassium levels were initially normal.	2
The patient was regularly taking a mixture of herbal products, used as a laxative, for a number of years, with no alteration of blood chemistry until 6 months before the present observation.	2
Patients who have received total parenteral nutrition (TPN) without proper replacement of thiamine have also developed WE.	2
Corticosteroids may be useful for therapy of some features of this syndrome, such as thrombocytopenia.	2
Arginine has been shown to shift potassium from cells to the extracellular compartment, an effect directly related to its serum concentration.	2
Patients should be monitored for these potentially serious side-effects while on this drug.	2
Portal vein thrombosis was diagnosed in 2 patients.	2
Symptomatology resolved with diphenhydramine.	2
The syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone (SIADH) secretion is a common consequence of neurologic and pulmonary infections as well as drug intake and many other clinical situations.	2
INVESTIGATIONS: Echocardiogram, electrocardiogram, serum chemistries, coronary angiography, right-heart and left-heart catheterization and endomyocardial biopsy.	2
Three cases of head and neck PTLD treated at our institution are described.	2
The platelet count increased to 355000/mm3 on the 15th day.	2
Thereafter, Mycobacterium tuberculosis was detected in blood cultures and specimens of bronchoalveolar lavage, thus indicating disseminated TB.	2
Imatinib mesylate (Gleevec) is widely-used in the treatment of chronic myeloid leukaemia (CML) and gastrointestinal stromal tumour.	2
As reported by us, a new myeloid cell population with an oncofetal membrane marker, dimeric Lex (di-Lex; III3FucV3 FucnLc6), was found in the epiphyseal bone marrow adjacent to the involved joints of patients with severe rheumatoid arthritis (RA).	2
Although the association between SJS/TEN and the sulfonamide class of antibiotics is well established, the increasing prevalence of CA-MRSA has left practitioners with limited regimens to effectively treat skin and soft tissue infections (SSTIs) in the outpatient setting.	2
Treatment of antibiotic-associated pseudomembranous colitis with metronidazole.	2
A literature review of the relationship between bulimia and affective disorder showed that the evidence from empirical research and case report studies suggests that a sizeable subgroup of bulimics suffer from bipolar disorder as well as bulimia and may benefit from antimanic medications such as lithium.	2
The scavenging properties of N-AC may palliate and possibly prevent free radical-mediated liver damage.	2
Electrophysiological study revealed atrioventricular nodal reentrant tachycardia in the first case, and atrioventricular reentrant tachycardia due to a concealed left lateral accessory pathway in the second case.	2
A low dose of cisapride (5 mg b.i.d.) produced rapid relief from nausea elicited by the initiation of treatment with a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor in eight patients.	2
The patient's initial serum calcium concentration was 5.25 mmol/L (21 mg/dL).	2
Very rarely, P. avidum causes systemic infections after invasive procedures, most notably in immunocompromised patients.	2
The risk of massive cerebrospinal fluid overdrainage after repetitive manual pumping of the V-P shunt reservoir, which can contribute to the formation of a cerebellar hemorrhage, warrants special attention and hydrocephalic patients and their caregivers should be informed and educated about this potential complication.	2
Postrenal failure was excluded by echography.	2
The clinical presentation mimicked a viral exanthema.	2
Side effects were managed by temporary discontinuation of gold until side effects resolved and resumption of treatment using usually 50% lower dosage.	2
A 40-year-old Hispanic man with acute lymphoblastic leukemia was treated with a single dose of intrathecal methotrexate 12 mg for prophylaxis against leptomeningeal spread of tumor.	2
One was alive with no evidence of disease at 14 month follow-up, while 2 had residual disease after bone marrow transplantation and died of complications at 4 and 5 months after transplantation.	2
Our findings suggest that chronic GVHD may be complicated with diffuse proliferative glomerulonephritis through unknown cellular immune mechanism.	2
This syndrome resolved after cessation of pergolide therapy and a switch to pramipexole dihydrochloride.	2
Some hours later she became unresponsive with little respiratory effort.	2
These patients may require protamine/NPH desensitization, an alternative insulin preparation, or both.	2
OBJECTIVE: We report a rare case of delayed onset of cerebral infarction caused by an embolism after cervical pedicle screw (CPS) fixation.	2
Regular surveillance of the patient detected a 3.5 cm HCC lesion.	2
4. More than half of the patients developing ANLL have received chemotherapy alone without radiotherapy.	2
Interferon alfa acts by stimulating the T-helper (Th) 1 immune response.	2
Septic arthritis of the hip with Propionibacterium avidum bacteremia after intraarticular treatment for hip osteoarthritis.	2
Investigations in two patients have revealed excessive renal loss of magnesium.	2
This disease is caused by inherited defects of the insulin receptor and is lethal early in life.	2
This is not a controlled study but an anecdotal experience that resulted in improved outcomes in a patient with multiple allergies, including iron dextran.	2
Hydroxychloroquine (HCQ) is an antimalarial agent with immunomodulatory effects.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Infants can be exposed to clinically relevant doses of lamotrigine through breast-feeding.	2
A case report with emphasis on medication and management.	2
Whether this represents a cause-effect association or a chance occurrence is unknown.	2
Persistent cerebrospinal fluid leak is a known complication of intrathecal pump system insertion for drug delivery.	2
In immunodeficiency conditions, unusual forms of leishmaniasis can develop and foster the risk of a diagnostic delay and of poor response to therapy.	2
In our case, renal biopsy revealed diffuse proliferative glomerulonephritis with findings of active cellular immunity, and aggressive treatment resulted in attenuation of these findings.	2
Three days after administration began, serum CPK levels had become markedly elevated to 10,897 mg/dl and myoglobinuria was detected (1,800 ng/dl), suggesting the presence of rhabdomyolysis.	2
Chymopapain is a useful drug when used properly for lumbar disc disease and has the potential of eliminating three-fourths of lumbar disc surgery.	2
Potential interaction between azithromycin and warfarin.	2
Treatment with heparin may be of help in situations where there is a delay in elimination of the underlying cause.	2
He developed a foreign-body sensation and persistent superotemporal corneal erosion as a result fo an adrenochrome deposit on the upper tarsus.	2
Pisa syndrome in a Chinese patient.	2
A trial of combination chemotherapy using mitoxantrone-cyclophosphamide was started in 1983.	2
We report two cases in unrelated UCBT setting and added the following new information to the literature: (i) EBV-related PTLD can be presented late in recipients of unrelated UCBT; (ii) in contrast to reported literatures that PTLD is a serious complication with unfavorable outcome, especially in monomorphic form, our cases showed that the clinical course may be relatively benign if treatment is initiated promptly.	2
Vancomycin administration led to a good outcome for this patient.	2
Decompression sickness and arterial air embolism which follow exposure to raised environmental pressures of compressed air are usually adequately treated by accepted recompression procedures of relatively short durations.	2
The extra care required may negate the financial advantages of the substitution.	2
Oral ketamine: a promising treatment for restless legs syndrome.	2
ENT surgeons, general physicians, and infertility experts should consider this in the differential diagnosis of neck swellings, particularly after OHSS and IVF treatment, and in this case report, we emphasis the need for an urgent ultrasound of the neck in such patients.	2
Against the advice of her oncologist, she abandoned traditional therapy and started an alternative regimen that included cesium chloride supplements.	2
CASE: A nulliparous woman with a long history of intrauterine contraceptive device (IUD) and recent Papanicolaou smear findings consistent with the presence of actinomyces presented with chronic vague lower abdominal pain, weight loss, poor appetite, and recent increase in abdominal girth associated with a large immobile pelvic mass.	2
Support ranged from 35.5 to 65.75 hr, and VAD flows ranged from 1.0-5.5 L/min.	2
It has been demonstrated that bisphosphonate-based supportive therapy (pamidronate or zoledronate) reduces skeletal events (onset or progression of osteolytic lesions) both in patients with multiple myeloma (MM) and in cancer patients with bone metastasis.	2
The case cited here highlights the need for continued awareness education for physicians who may use ceftriaxone to treat common illnesses such as acute exudative tonsillitis and otitis media in children.	2
First-trimester pregnancy exposure can cause major birth defects.	2
Although the manifestations are the same as those usually associated with the use of vincristine, in these cases the severity appears remarkable.	2
Each procedure reduced the serum level of intercellular antibodies by 50% to 87%.	2
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the efficacy of cyproheptadine in the management of acute intrathecal baclofen (ITB) withdrawal.	2
We sought to assess the safety and feasibility of this approach.	2
An increase in tumor volume of 25% was observable 15 days after the beginning of therapy.	2
In 1984, a 56-year-old house painter developed intractable pain in his back and other joints.	2
Unusual weight fluctuation under corticosteroid and psychotropic treatment.	2
She was treated with methylprednisolone (40 mg i.v. q6h), aminophylline (loading with 5 mg/kg and maintained with 0.6 mg/kg/hr i.v. drip), nebulized terbutaline sulphate (5 mg q6h), oral procaterol 12.5 micrograms bid, along with oxygen therapy.	2
Because it was not a stocked item in our pediatric emergency cart (as well as at another hospital, necessitating a transfer of a patient with refractory seizures to our hospital), the average delay was 5.8 hours (range, 1.3 to 13 hours) before it was given.	2
Many thoracic specialists and eye care physicians consider these effects rare and readily reversible.	2
We describe the first published case of intoxication with both drugs.	2
SKT has several pharmacological effects including analgesic and antiinflammatory effects, vasodilation, and muscle relaxation.	2
Thrombocytopenia, antithrombin deficiency and extensive thromboembolism in pregnancy: treatment with low-molecular-weight heparin.	2
Catheterization of the right side of the heart (Swan-Ganz catheter) was a technology that became widely used before any outcome studies became available.	2
For drugs with a narrow therapeutic index such as chloroquine, recommended dosing regimens should be respected, and adequate information sources must be available where such drugs are dispensed by untrained personnel.	2
Five hours after arrival, the patient reported a recurrence of severe chest pain.	2
We review the literature concerning an increasingly reported and interesting adverse effect, atypical antipsychotic-induced obsessive-compulsive symptoms (OCS).	2
Renal arterial thrombosis, usually in association with aortic thrombosis, has been reported as a result of prolonged neonatal umbilical artery catheterization.	2
RESULTS: Recurrences in both eyes were successfully treated with a combination of hexamidine and neomycin, and with polyhexamethylene biguanide respectively.	2
We describe two patients who developed neurological side effects as part of the spectrum of nitritoid reactions.	2
Report of two cases.	2
Methemoglobinemia may occur after the administration of various drugs, including some local anesthetics.	2
Most clinicians are routinely exposed to irritants such as latex, detergents, and chemicals.	2
A self-expanding metallic stent (Wallstent) was used to relieve obstruction of the common bile duct in a young male with a desmoplastic small cell tumor of the abdomen.	2
Patients who have breast cancer (or any other solid tumor malignancy) are at risk to develop a second malignancy.	2
The 38-year-old patient with no previous cardiac or smoking history developed complete heart block, ventricular fibrillation and subsequent asystole.	2
Group B streptococcal late-onset sepsis with submandibular phlegmon in a premature infant after beginning of breast-feeding.	2
A 78-year-old woman with many medical problems, including chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, was treated with parenteral levofloxacin for community-acquired pneumonia.	2
Mooren's ulcer is a rare disease of presumed autoimmune aetiology.	2
Clozapine is the first choice antipsychotic medication for treatment-refractory schizophrenia; however, there are some disadvantages in using clozapine.	2
Imatinib mesylate therapy in patients with gastrointestinal stromal tumors and impaired liver function.	2
Effective therapy of HIT involves both the prompt recognition of the syndrome and its proper management.	2
We describe four patients with episodic bilateral vision impairment related exclusively to light exposure.	2
Adverse effect of verapamil in myasthenia gravis.	2
A critical review of the treatment regimen and prophylaxis for C1-inhibitor deficiency is presented, and three new cases are described.	2
In this report, we review the pathophysiology of PLP and treatment options.	2
Bronchiolitis obliterans organizing pneumonia simulating progression in bronchioloalveolar carcinoma.	2
However, it also highlights the importance of determining a patient's tuberculosis status, initiating prophylactic anti-tuberculosis therapy prior to starting treatment with etanercept, and setting up an adequate treatment regime if the patient develops active tuberculosis during therapy with etanercept.	2
Two months later she was bedridden.	2
The unusual severity and rapid spread of the infection, despite normal neutrophil count and prompt antifungal therapy, suggest that HIV-related immunocompromise might play a role in the impairment of host defences against Aspergillus infection.	2
Physicians utilizing rituximab should be aware of this association given the difficulty of differentiating between presentations of BOOP and neoplastic pulmonary processes.	2
A diagnosis of tuberculous uveitis was established; the patient was treated with rifampin, isoniazid pyrazinamide, and ethambutol and etanercept was stopped.	2
Recommendations are made with regard to screening such patients for glaucoma.	2
RESULTS: [1] Mucin secretion was increased by 63% over the controls in the VVR in vitro group (p < 0.01).	2
A heparin-like effect was suspected.	2
Three-months after implantation of the intravenous access device, the indwelling central catheter was fractured and embolized to the pulmonary trunk.	2
The third patient had lower limb chronic venous insufficiency and developed extensive necrosis of both lower limbs.	2
In our experience, once established, infections may rapidly progress in patients with RA taking leflunomide, and early cholestyramine washout is strongly recommended.	2
Although the disorder is not thought to have a genetic background, there are some familial case reports in the literature.	2
We describe a case of bullous pemphigoid (BP) in a patient with chronic renal failure maintained on hemodialysis.	2
INVESTIGATIONS: Blood tests, peripheral blood smear, bone-marrow biopsy and aspirate, Holter electrocardiogram.	2
Twenty patients with bladder cancer were treated by semiselective intra-arterial chemotherapy with Adriamycin.	2
To our knowledge, this is the second report of HSOS after standard dose chemotherapy for brain tumor in childhood.	2
A brief review of organophosphate poisoning and the unique features of our case are presented.	2
High-resolution CT (HRCT) findings of this disease were compared with the pathology.	2
The resulting increased turnover of heme might then result in overproduction of porphyrin precursors, resulting in the clinical syndrome.	2
Because of the immunosuppressive drugs used after organ transplantation, there is an increased rate of certain infections and malignancies.	2
No relationship was identified between the extent and the severity of the skin lesions with the phenytoin and radiation dosages and with the histologic type and origin of the intracranial malignancy.	2
Physicians should suspect pulmonary toxicity in patients with respiratory distress after gemcitabine chemotherapy, mainly in elderly patients.	2
We have used the gastrinoma syndrome to examine the effects of SMS.	2
The drug was immediately withdrawn and the patient was given glibenclamide.	2
Brain computed tomography disclosed bilateral temporal hypodensity with edema.	2
These episodes had some atypical features that will be discussed with regard to the pathophysiological mechanisms leading to NMS.	2
The only two studies addressing this issue showed no problems with diagnosis caused by providing narcotic pain relief.	2
However, recently we were confronted with two cases within 1 month.	2
Two weeks later the patient presented with acute oliguric renal failure, symptomatic hyperkalemia and metabolic acidosis, necessitating emergency dialytic treatment.	2
These observations suggest that caution should be exercised when considering administration of CSFs to patients with HS and similar metabolic storage diseases.	2
Liver enzymes returned to normal 4 and 8 weeks, respectively, after riluzole withdrawal.	2
We conclude that the use of hemopoietic colony stimulating factors might be a suitable means to achieve the correction of severe thionamide-induced hematologic adverse reactions.	2
DISCUSSION: Acute ITB withdrawal syndrome occurs frequently in cases of malfunctioning intrathecal infusion pumps or catheters.	2
Suppression by propranolol and amiodarone of an electrical storm refractory to metoprolol and amiodarone.	2
We report here the successful use of ONSF to restore vision to three consecutive patients with pending anterior RION, and the importance of early identification and intervention in these potentially reversible cases.	2
She subsequently developed a classic varicella rash, sever back pain, rapidly progressive hepatic failure, pneumonitis, and encephalopathy.	2
Various hypotheses as to the complex actions of morphine and its antagonist in epileptogenesis are discussed.	2
Pyomyositis is a rare disease, encountered mainly in tropical climates.	2
PURPOSE: We report a case of a patient who developed a postoperative anterior spinal artery syndrome that was masked by the use of epidural analgesia.	2
Sunitinib is an orally administered multitargeted tyrosine kinase inhibitor that has demonstrated substantial antitumour activity in patients with metastatic renal cell carcinoma.	2
Fetal goiter is a rare disorder, usually associated with maternal thyroid disease.	2
METHODS: A 54-year-old muscular, short-statured man underwent posterior cervical laminectomy from C3-C5 without instrumentation and left C5 foraminotomy.	2
DATA EXTRACTION: One author reviewed cases supplied by the other authors and abstracted information from published literature sources.	2
CASE REPORT: This 36-year-old woman had rheumatoid arthritis that proved refractory to sulfasalazine and methotrexate, which were used successively in combination with symptomatic drugs.	2
The frequency of compensatory hyperhidrosis often reflects the extensiveness of the denervation.	2
For effective treatment of bacterial osteomyelitis a bone biopsy is sometimes unavoidable and indicated.	2
Over the course of 2 months, the wound healed with systemic antibiotics.	2
There is potential for this side effect, and additional caution in the use of this drug should be followed.	2
By x-ray microanalysis, gold that was complexed with sulfur was present in proximal tubular cytoplasmic vacuoles and nuclei.	2
Two months into his second-line chemotherapy, he developed multiple, concomitant, transverse and longitudinal black lines in all of his fingernails and toenails.	2
DFO appears to be an effective treatment for severe dialysis osteomalacia.	2
We reviewed the slides of 28 brain biopsies diagnostic of PML.	2
However, the pathologic diagnosis was meningioma.	2
Temporal sequence of his signs and symptoms after each administration of tobramycin (similar to re-challenge testing), and his improvement after discontinuation of the drug strongly suggest an adverse drug reaction.	2
We review similar reported cases and discuss the direct actions of glucocorticoids on the brain.	2
A case of subepidermal autoimmune blistering disease in an 86-year-old woman is reported.	2
The pathogenesis of the liver changes and their possible relationship to splenomegaly and busulphan toxicity are considered.	2
These findings did not correlate with changes in serum IgG, IgA, IgM, IgD, IgE or alpha 2-macroglobulin.	2
Collagenous colitis as a subtype of microscopic colitis is a rare cause of chronic diarrhea with unknown pathogenesis.	2
Clinicians should be aware of factors that affect A1C values, specifically erythrocyte life span.	2
METHODS: Retrospective consecutive noncomparative case series.	2
Four months later there were no cells in the anterior chamber and the vitreous was clear.	2
This case provides suggestive evidence that morphine-6-glucuronide can produce clinically significant effects in patients with mild renal insufficiency.	2
The patient sustained a severe septic episode, was treated with antibiotics and GM-CSF, and recovered the 14(th) day after ticlopidine withdrawal.	2
Endophthalmitis due to exposure of anterior chamber intraocular lens haptic tip.	2
Two case reports and data from literature on the subject are used by the authors to describe characteristics of pathogenetic importance of neuroleptic induced stupor (NIS).	2
Treatment is unsatisfactory, although steroids and plasmapheresis may prolong survival.	2
Patients underwent standardized MRI within 48 h of symptom onset; MRI included DWI and apparent diffusion coefficient (ADC) maps.	2
Hemodialysis was performed in eleven patients (69%) because of visual disturbances and/or metabolic acidosis.	2
Diagnostic criteria are GI symptoms, eosinophilic infiltration proven by biopsy of the GI tract, and absence of parasitic infection.	2
Because of life threatening plasma methotrexate (MTX) levels, carboxypeptidase G2 (CPDG2) was administered resulting in a dramatic decrease within 1 hr.	2
These symptoms abated 1 week after fluvoxamine treatment was discontinued and haloperidol was started.	2
Post-transfusion purpura: response to steroids and association with red blood cell and lymphocytotoxic antibodies.	2
OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to evaluate the present status of surviving patients 10 years later, together with the latest clinical and histological data on patients who had died.	2
The diffuse use of cholinesterase inhibitors in the treatment of dementia may cause an increasing number of Pisa syndrome cases.	2
Colonic carcinoma after chemotherapy of Hodgkin's disease.	2
OBJECTIVE: To propose clonazepam for use in the empiric treatment of shooting/shocking phantom limb pain.	2
Early asymptomatic recurrence of cervical artery dissection: three cases.	2
The use of 5-hydroxytryptamine (5-HT) antagonists such as cyproheptadine, however, has become more common and might reduce the duration of symptoms.	2
The patient's WBC count recovered within 4 days after the change in therapy.	2
The central retinal vein occlusions resolved when the immunoglobulins were withheld and serum hyperviscosity decreased.	2
There was prompt response of oral ketoconazole.	2
Successful management was made possible by a new somatostatin analogue (Vapreotide), administered i.m. at weekly intervals.	2
Biopsy specimens of the upper tarsal conjunctiva in soft contact lens-associated giant papillary conjunctivitis were taken during (1) chronic exacerbation, (2) brief remission, and (3) intentional exacerbation.	2
We report a case of tularemia presenting as a solitary pulmonary nodule following syngeneic PBSC transplant.	2
She was treated with neoadjuvant chemotherapy and developed an accelerated SSc syndrome with pericarditis and cardiac tamponade, with lethal results.	2
We report a case of late cerebral toxoplasmosis reactivation, which was probably triggered by a brief course of corticosteroids, administered for chronic graft-versus-host disease (cGVHD).	2
DISCUSSION: Cough induced by ACE inhibitors is a frequently documented adverse effect.	2
An electroencephalogram was consistent with the diagnosis of nonconvulsive status epilepticus.	2
The most common cutaneous adverse event is an acneiform eruption, which occurs in more than 50% of cases.	2
His home medications at the time of presentation included propanolol 10 mg tid, haloperidol 10 mg bid, sodium valproate 500 mg bid, benztropine 1 mg bid, and haloperidol decanoate 100 mg i.m. every 3 weeks, from another psychiatric facility.	2
The possible mechanisms by which iodine-containing drugs induce thyroid disfunction are reviewed, suggesting this case was caused by an alteration in the sensitivity of the intrinsic autoregulation of the thyroid gland to iodine.	2
Ten days following adrenalectomy, watery diarrhea appeared.	2
A 61-year-old Japanese man with chronic myelogenous leukemia developed pityriasis lichenoides-like eruptions during chemotherapy.	2
We observed a 7.0% prevalence of QT, prolongation among all patients screened.	2
All 5 patients were also taking -corticosteroids.	2
NCSE has not previously been reported in LBD.	2
A review of the literature indicates that even when given at much higher doses than are needed for treating heroin or alcohol abusers, there is no evidence that NTX causes clinically significant liver disease or exacerbates, even at high doses, serious pre-existing liver disease.	2
The daily doses ranged from 0.5 to 3 mg.	2
The reported effects of these agents in increasing total Hb, however, have been inconsistent and there have been no studies on the combination of these medications.	2
DATA SOURCES: Published scientific papers, review articles, book chapters, and clinical experiences.	2
We suggest that the duration of chemotherapy required to achieve a cure in patients with ovarian carcinoma in complete remission can be determined only by prospective controlled trials.	2
Myoclonus seen in the abdominal wall was segmental and considered to be of spinal origin.	2
We emphasize the need for long term follow up of patients treated with purine analogs and suggest that even those who are apparently cured be monitored periodically.	2
The STAN-fetal scalp electrode system can record the fetal echocardiogram in labor.	2
The most common complication associated with this procedure is an alteration in sensation over the donor site manifested as chronic pain, hyperesthesia, dysesthesia, or diminished sensitivity resulting from superior cluneal nerve (SCN) injury.	2
The hemodiafiltration procedure with a polysulfone membrane was performed 3 times.	2
She only assumed isotretinoin, at dose of 1 mg/kg a day, for a severe and scarring acne for 7 months.	2
Fungal infections involving the pacemaker pocket after pacemaker implantation procedure are extremely rare.	2
Interaction of the criminal justice system and psychiatric professionals in which civil commitment standards are prohibitive.	2
OBJECTIVES: To present a very rare case of orally ingested sex hormone pills inducing nondurally attached meningioma in the lumbosacral region.	2
A 28-y-old male with end stage renal failure (ESRF) received an overdose of atenolol.	2
Both amoxapine and its active and major metabolite, 8-OH-amoxapine, appeared in breast milk.	2
The relevant literature is reviewed.	2
Rosiglitazone was discontinued and the edema resolved.	2
Ischemic cholangitis caused by transcatheter hepatic arterial chemoembolization 10 months after resection of the extrahepatic bile duct.	2
The treatment approach is described and the literature on the subject is reviewed.	2
The causal relationship between hepatotoxicity and methylprednisolone treatment was deemed probable in both cases.	2
The immunoassay's known cross-reactivity for carbamazepine is reportedly as low as 0.3%.	2
The great majority of these patients were diagnosed with actinomycotic diseases during or after exploratory laparotomy, but rarely preoperatively.	2
Histologic examination also revealed multiple shallow ulcers accompanied by cytomegalovirus infection.	2
CASE PRESENTATION: A 52-year-old-male was administered chemotherapy with oxaliplatin, 5-fluorouracil and leucovorin for a Duke's stage C colorectal carcinoma.	2
Minor residual neurological signs remained.	2
Of those 18 patients who completed a full course of therapy, seven (39%) experienced a relapse; five of these were cured of their infection with a second course of antimicrobial therapy, which usually included higher doses of intravenous penicillin.	2
Among the serious systemic complications encountered were three instances of respiratory arrest and one of cardiorespiratory arrest.	2
A 53-year-old female was admitted to hospital one hour after taking an overdose of 60 g of paracetamol and 960 mg of codeine.	2
Burn of the auricle.	2
In addition, we emphasize the need for informed consent when facing factors that predispose to bleeding (esophageal varices, coagulopathy and thrombocytopenia), possible band ligation before the start of sorafenib, careful clinical monitoring and discontinuation of sorafenib when major bleeding occurs.	2
Heparin therapy, adjusted according to the patient's clinical status and the results of coagulation studies, rapidly controlled the manifestations of DIC.	2
METHODS: We describe an 84-year-old patient with breast and colon cancer, who complained of a decrease in visual acuity after treatment with low-dose antiestrogens.	2
Posterior tibial tendon rupture in a world class runner.	2
There was rapid spontaneous and complete regression of the eruptions, which was probably an expression of transient lymphomatoid papulosis in connection with MF.	2
In this case, a 51-year-old woman presented with several weeks of left shoulder pain and was diagnosed with rotator cuff tendonitis.	2
METHODS: The patient was a 20-year-old woman.	2
Mycobacterium fortuitum is a rare cause of central nervous system infection; however, shunt infection caused by this organism has not been reported.	2
Although, we cannot exclude the coincidence between the two diseases we discussed suspicious relationship between the interferon treatment and the tumour progression.	2
A case is reported of myoclonus induced by an antidepressant purported to have no effect on serotonin activity.	2
We present foreign body granulomas induced by activated charcoal from intraperitoneal chemotherapy and mimicked peritoneal metastases in the patients with gastric cancer.	2
An aerobic exercise test demonstrated remarkable serum lactate elevation, which was attenuated by the administration of coenzyme Q10.	2
Patients with cancer should be aware that alternative remedies may be harmful and ineffective.	2
Hyperthyroidism may exacerbate asthma.	2
We report for the first time on a patient who had isolated aspergillosis of the small bowel after autologous stem cell transplantation.	2
These observations suggest that G-CSF/Ara-C therapy may be useful in the treatment of high-risk AML.	2
Superior sagittal sinus thrombosis associated with Evans' syndrome of haemolytic anaemia.	2
Post-radiation necrosis of the larynx is a major complication after irradiation and has become rare.	2
A case report and review of the literature.	2
The cutaneous reaction remitted after withdrawal of captopril therapy.	2
Because of her severe symptoms, mifepristone was administered for a period of 19 days.	2
In my opinion this reaction is not so uncommon as thought.	2
Laboratory evaluations disclosed normal electrolytes, hemograms and non-toxic serum MTX levels at the onset of the symptoms.	2
A skin biopsy showed hydropic degeneration of keratinocytes and lymphocytic infiltrate.	2
Baseline and follow-up examinations should include: Snellen acuity, Farnsworth D-15 color testing, automated threshold perimetry and optic nerve head photography.	2
Systemic complications associated with retinal cryoablation for retinopathy of prematurity.	2
On the basis of survival data, it is not clear that use of MTX adversely affected the natural course of their HIV disease.	2
We present the case of a female with DDST, who responded to aripiprazole-mirtazapine combination, a finding that is in accordance with the initial approach of this disorder as a part of the schizophrenic spectrum, but also supports the hypothesis of serotonin dysfunction in DDST.	2
Microbiological and histopathological confirmation of acanthamebic keratitis.	2
Adalimumab, a fully human, immunoglobulin G1 monoclonal antibody that binds to tumor necrosis factor, has been approved for the treatment of moderate-to-severe psoriasis, in the U.S., Europe and elsewhere.	2
One of them had a high pressure gradient of the left ventricular outflow tract and the others had earlier onset.	2
We report here two patients who underwent T cell-depleted mismatched-related stem cell transplantation for hematologic malignancies and required aggressive post-transplant immunosuppression for graft-versus host disease (GVHD).	2
The diagnosis of lead toxicity is often delayed and abdominal pain is mistaken for acute abdomen.	2
The role of heparin therapy.	2
After the withdrawal of TMP-SMX and the administration of high-dose steroid, these systemic symptoms gradually resolved.	2
Iron was absent.	2
Two weeks after the intervention she developed a symptomatic hypercalcemia of 3.57 mmol/L which was resistant to several measures including lowering the calcium concentration in the dialysate, withdrawing all vitamin D and calcium supplementation and the administration of calcitonin.	2
Jarisch-Herxheimer reaction.	2
Adalimumab in the management of palmoplantar psoriasis.	2
We describe a 5-year-old girl with Ph(+) CML who received a cord blood transplant in a second accelerated phase after a very early lymphoid blast crisis.	2
Dental treatment is rarely associated with such an event.	2
Before starting Zoledronic acid therapy, the patient's serum calcium level was 6.9 mg/dl.	2
The authors describe two patients with this disease who initially had findings suggestive of an optic neuropathy.	2
Three weeks later, diffusion abnormalities resolved, and T2-weighted studies showed increased signal intensity of prolonged T2 changes in areas of prior restricted diffusion.	2
The clinical features are described on the basis of four cases.	2
In addition, we suggest that der(17)t(12;17)(q13;p13) should be considered a new recurrent, nonrandom chromosomal abnormality in patients with t-MDS/AML.	2
Hyperthermic isolated limb perfusion (ILP) (2 mg, TNF-alpha and 100mg, melphalan) was performed for an irresectable right thigh desmoid tumor with calf extension in a 49-year-old man.	2
(<or=31 repeats is normal, 32-35 is borderline, >or=36 is pathogenic).	2
BACKGROUND: Pelvic actinomycosis is a chronic suppurative inflammatory disease caused by the anaerobic Gram-positive bacilli Actinomyces israelii.	2
Clinical and histological information on three additional patients seen at two institutions (Rochester Methodist Hospital, Rochester, MN, and Fairview-University Medical Center, Minneapolis, MN) by the authors were also compiled.	2
Clinical and biochemical abnormalities disappeared soon after discontinuation of PTU.	2
A reduction in immunosuppression and the addition of acyclovir did not result in improvement.	2
Oral administration of prednisolone at a daily dose of 30 mg (0.4 mg/kg) was effective to improve their renal function.	2
We report a bacterial corneal ulcer that occurred in a patient who had worn extended-wear rigid gas-permeable contact lenses on a 1-week cycle for 9 months.	2
Lidocaine (a sodium channel blocker) serves as an antiepilepsy drug in neonates.	2
In high-risk patients with NSTE ACS for whom an early invasive strategy is planned, enoxaparin and UFH are the agents with the highest level of evidence (evidence level A).	2
However, two previous descriptions of interstitial nephritis related to treatment with TKIs, combined with this current report suggest that TKI therapy could be associated with this rare but life-threatening complication.	2
Radiography (with and without contrast medium) and ultrasonography revealed a soft tissue mass in the caudoventral portion of the coelom.	2
The maculopapular rash progressed to formation of confluent nodules, plaques and finally erythroderma with lymphadenopathy and hepatosplenomegaly.	2
A drug-induced psoriasiform eruption due to these drugs seems to be more common than previously reported.	2
Fatal fluoxetine ingestion with postmortem blood concentrations.	2
Aquagenic pruritus responding to intermittent photochemotherapy.	2
RESULTS: The number of days each patient received mecamylamine varied from 8 days to 550 days; with nine patients more than 200 days, six patients from 100-200 days, five patients for 50-100 days, and four patients 0-50 days.	2
The half-life of survival of those who ultimately died was 2 months.	2
The purpose of this review is to highlight the toxicity of chloral hydrate and to review the management of overdoses with chloral hydrate.	2
Furthermore, the authors provide diagnostic and treatment options that are available for mitochondrial disorders, which are of interest to child psychiatrists due to the central nervous system manifestations of these disorders.	2
Despite this, the lesions worsened in severity.	2
Once regarded as fatal not many series of patients with ITO have been reported with the long follow up as in the present case.	2
There have also been some spontaneous reports of serious ventricular dysrythmiasis with prolongation of the QT intervals, rarely associated with death.	2
Multibacillary, lepromatous or borderline leprosy patients may present two types of vasculonecrotic reactions: Lucio phenomenon and that associated with erythema nodosum leprosum.	2
Two case reports are presented: the first with clozapine challenge after eosinophilia, the second under clozapine treatment and no previous haematological side effects.	2
53-year-old woman with a history of deep vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolism was receiving warfarin to prevent thromboembolic complications; her international normalized ratio (INR) had been stable for 1 month.	2
The patient's beta-blocker therapy may have masked additional signs of NMS.	2
The patient developed a severe infection of the upper and lower respiratory tract with bilateral pulmonary infiltrates and severe hypoxemia.	2
Malpractice litigation was brought about because the patient alleged that he had steroid cataracts, which resulted from his having received systemic corticosteroids.	2
The use of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) inhibitors for the treatment of solid tumours is now increasing.	2
Familial, dexamethasone-suppressible, normokalemic hyperaldosteronism.	2
Despite an elevated "endogenous" Epo level, a greater than 1.5 g/dl increase in hemoglobin (Hb) concentration was observed in one patient with refractory anemia (RA), one patient with refractory anemia with excess of blasts (RAEB), and one patient with AA.	2
Histologic examination of tubular bones showed hyperostosis presumably due to prostaglandin-induced rapid formation of primitive bone.	2
Histopathologic examination revealed adenomyosis with cyst formation and an unusual thick capsule.	2
These infections may be life-threatening if appropriate therapy is not vigorously initiated.	2
Parenteral challenge with suspected sensitizing agents confirmed methicillin as the likely offender.	2
Motor neuropathy, anemia and all gastrointestinal symptoms disappeared.	2
A follow-up MRI obtained immediately after his cerebral infarction demonstrated notable decrease in the size of the cysts and more prominent enhancement around the peripheral margins of the cysts and the major vessels in comparison with the initial MRI.	2
These patients developed a debilitating photosensitivity that persisted for months to years even after they stopped taking the diuretic.	2
We also interviewed a series of 14 women in California who had recent Accutane-exposed pregnancies to identify opportunities for prevention.	2
The medication history is an integral part in the evaluation of a patient with hypoglycemia.	2
Full visual electrophysiology, including flash electroretinography (ERG), pattern electroretinography, multifocal ERG using the VERIS system, electro-oculography, and flash and pattern visual evoked potentials, was undertaken.	2
Six days after discontinuation of the drug, central nervous system symptoms had resolved, and, 4 days later, renal function returned to pretreatment values.	2
In 3 consecutive cases in which a small break in the thin conjunctiva adjacent to the scleral flap was created during trabeculectomy, sodium hyaluronate 2.3% (Healon5) was intraoperatively injected into the bleb.	2
Clomipramine was tapered and reduced to 50 mg over a period of 10 days.	2
Decreased clearance of the compound has been observed in patients with renal insufficiency, and this has been associated with an increase in the ratio of morphine-6-glucuronide to morphine.	2
We describe three patients with long-standing seropositive rheumatoid arthritis (RA) on chronic corticosteroid therapy who experienced very early (1-6 h) mortality after the use of intravenous thrombolytic therapy for the treatment of AMI.	2
Therapy-related acute myeloid leukemia following HIV-associated lymphoma.	2
A bone marrow aspiration showed slight hypoplasia with normocellular marrow.	2
BAL fluid also grew Mycobacterium kansasii, for which he received combination anti-mycobacterial therapy.	2
Two of 13 patients treated over the entire body suffered temporary bone marrow depression, indluding one with severe pancytopenia.	2
We examined and treated six patients with acanthamoeba keratitis associated with contact lens wear from 1981 to 1988.	2
Modern ergotism.	2
The other patient was treated with amphotericin B and discharged, with a central venous catheter, after recovery from neutropenia.	2
A 54-year-old man received combination chemotherapy with nedaplatin and irinotecan as salvage chemotherapy for refractory non-seminomatous testicular cancer.	2
Respiratory distress, severe VOD and grade II acute gastrointestinal GVHD complicated the post-transplant period.	2
She passed a non-solid stone and continued indinavir treatment.	2
He had miliary tuberculosis, renal failure requiring dialysis and visual disturbances.	2
Atypical antipsychotics have reduced liability for inducing tardive dystonia and show antidystonic properties in patients with pre-existing tardive dystonia.	2
Clozapine was approved by the U.S.	2
Photosensitive reflex epilepsy is provoked by environmental flicker stimuli.	2
After development of the tics in 2, CBZ was continued at the same or higher dose, and the tics abated and then ceased spontaneously < or = 6 months.	2
The drugs concomitantly used were digoxin, isosorbide dinitrate, frusemide, urapidil and chlorthalidone in conjunction with oral potassium substitution.	2
Renal function gradually improved but nephrotic state was persistent.	2
Further treatment with intravenous ACV led to VZV DNA becoming undetectable in whole blood, a result not achieved with oral valacyclovir.	2
One expert would order a CT scan to rule out facial fractures (Dr.	2
The evidence for this mechanism is not convincing.	2
Both cases were initially treated with cisplatin (CDDP), etoposide (ETP) and concurrent thoracic irradiation, however they had recurrent disease within a year.	2
Anterior ischemic optic neuropathy: a complication after extracorporal circulation.	2
Hemorrhagic stroke following elective cesarean delivery.	2
Stanozolol was well tolerated and had minimal side effects.	2
Successful treatment of disseminated Fusarium infection after autologous bone marrow transplantation for acute myeloid leukemia.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Our report describes a case of rhabdomyolysis possibly caused by C. mukul and underlines the need for active surveillance of natural products.	2
We report two cases in which acute paraplegia occurred following compression fracture without retropulsion of bone fragments or significant narrowing of the spinal canal.	2
In three patients, carbamazepine was withdrawn, whereupon the deposits disappeared in two and decreased in the third, who changed to another drug.	2
Serotonin-Dopamine Antagonist (SDA) should be proscribed with care became of this rare yet serious complication, especially in cases with previous history of priapism following the use of psychotropic drugs.	2
Both patients received prolonged treatment with high doses of intravenous methylprednisolone.	2
One patient had partial responses in both treated tumors.	2
This article discusses the initial treatment attempted at resolving the bronchospasm, as well as the use of heliox in the ultimate resolution of the bronchospasm.	2
Gastrointestinal toxicity associated with the use of this drug is common but generally mild to moderate.	2
A recommendation to add corticosteroids to serotonin receptor antagonists only after demonstrated nausea in chemotherapy regimes with low-dose cisplatin (20 mg/m2) for five days seems justified.	2
SETTING: A university-affiliated teaching hospital.	2
Hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) is increasing in numbers worldwide, and no effective systemic treatment existed for advanced HCC until SHARP (Sorafenib in HCC Assessment Randomized Protocol) study proved sorafenib (Nexavar((R)), Bayer Pharmaceuticals, Wayne, NJ, USA) prolonged survival versus placebo.	2
Disseminated varicella infection is a potentially life-threatening complication of chronic high-dose corticosteroid (CS) or immunosuppressive therapy.	2
His lung cancer recurred 10 months later, when he was found to have bone metastases.	2
Only 2 of them developed P. aeruginosa septicemia and the prognosis was relatively good (7.5% mortality rate).	2
Two months before his death, severe varicella developed complicated by pneumonia, jaundice, and prolonged fever; all of which resolved during a five-week hospitalization.	2
Endovascular or surgical interventions may be considered in patients with ergot toxicity for specific indications or those whose symptoms progress despite conservative management.	2
This might be due to the fact that it has also been used to treat bacterial meningitis from organisms like Listeria monocytogenes, which is a common pathogen in the elderly and in infants.	2
RESULTS: The production of TNF-alpha and IL-6 by the macrophages of the patient in presence of insulin were dramatically increased in comparison with control subjects.	2
To our knowledge, no pediatric renal transplant recipient who had thyroid carcinoma or two different types of tumor has been reported in Japan.	2
However, the large majority of cases of leukemic transformation in ET are thought to be related to prior therapy, usually radioactive phosphorous or alkylating chemotherapy, and the development of AL in ET is extremely rare in the untreated patient.	2
Benign pneumatosis intestinalis in a child with cavopulmonary shunt and immune thrombocytopenic purpura.	2
The patient improved with vancomycin and high-dose ampicillin therapy.	2
Instead, she referred an improvement with gonadotropin releasing hormone agonist (GnRH-a) for the treatment of endometriosis and then with tamoxifen as hormonal therapy after mastectomy and chemotherapy for breast cancer.	2
The evidence suggests that these deaths were the result of causes other than use of the drug.	2
The necessity of placing such grafts behind the ureters is reiterated and the routine performance of preoperative and postoperative excretory urography is suggested.	2
However, the sphincterotomy did not improve cholestasis.	2
She was treated with fluid resuscitation, wound dressing, and antibiotics.	2
Primary invasive aspergillosis of the gut is a rare event and is associated with high mortality.	2
Hepatic portal sclerosis (HPS) alone was observed in 1 patient, nodular regenerative hyperplasia (NRH) alone in 2 patients and combined HPS/NRH in 3 patients.	2
On two occasions, within 48 hours of treatment, the patient developed acute leukopenia.	2
Abnormally high urine and bone fluoride confirmed the diagnosis.	2
Neuroleptic malignant syndrome due to atypical neuroleptics: three episodes in one patient.	2
We describe the case of a man with dermatomyositis and stage IV nasopharyngeal cancer treated with chemoradiotherapy and s.c. amifostine.	2
Doxorubicin, bleomycin, dacarbazine, and prophylactic pegfilgrastim (a granulocyte colony-stimulating factor), were administered.	2
Mantle cell, diffuse large B-cell lymphoma and chronic lymphocytic leukaemia were diagnosed 1-5 years after PEG-rHuMGDF exposure among three volunteers.	2
A 32-year-old primigravida was admitted because of premature labor at 31 weeks of gestation.	2
A 55-year-old male patient with hepatitis B-related liver cirrhosis was found to have advanced hepatocellular carcinoma.	2
In our case no complications developed from the treatment and the patient's visual loss and renal function improved.	2
Only rarely has involvement of the left-heart been documented.	2
Oliguria was not observed and this feature may impair recognition of kidney damage.	2
Parenterally administered biperiden proved to be highly effective in the control of the symptoms.	2
In the presence of left ventricular hypertrophy, the positive inotropic action of catecholamines with mainly beta-receptor specificity can lead to excessive hypercontractility and paradoxical hypotension.	2
Laparascopy proved useful in making the initial diagnosis, but may have contributed to the pathogenesis of the pulmonary process.	2
Thalidomide as elective treatment in persistent erythema multiforme; report of two cases.	2
This responded well to steroids and cyclophosphamide.	2
Methanol metabolism was effectively blocked by fomepizole even after ethanol had been eliminated, and the patient recovered 20/20 vision by day 14 with normal fundoscopy.	2
This observation supports the notion of a possible pro-epileptogenic effect of opioid substances in association with metabolic and other toxic factors.	2
CASE SUMMARY: An elderly patient with chronic atrial fibrillation and prosthetic valve replacements had been taking warfarin 22.5 mg/wk.	2
There are no known deleterious effects on male fertility and on long-term teratogenic effect of isotretinoin.	2
Two ajmaline tests were both negative and ruled out the diagnosis of BS.	2
The prosthesis may be responsible for blood seeding infection and not only a mere victim.	2
In the second patient, acute renal failure necessitated hemodialysis.	2
Unlike most stent fractures reported that involve stent struts only our case demonstrated circumferential disruption with complete separation of the stent segments.	2
The clinical presentation and management of a newborn whose mother received lithium during pregnancy is presented.	2
Choline magnesium trisalicylate was discontinued after eight days and the patient's LFT quickly returned to normal.	2
Abdominal sonography and brain CT scan were normal.	2
This patient received chemotherapy (mitomycin C, 5-fluoruracil, and cisplatin) and reached a good partial response.	2
In all three patients, the diagnosis of AML was established by pathologists on the basis of bone marrow biopsy, aspirate, and peripheral smears.	2
Several hours after the last dose, clinical manifestations recurred and ventilation was required.	2
Three men and 2 women aged 38 to 53 years were treated.	2
CE was confirmed either by renal biopsy (case 1) or skin biopsy (case 2).	2
After 1 month of follow-up the patient underwent TEE which showed a dramatic reduction of the left atrial thrombosis.	2
RESULTS: In both cases, magnetic resonance imaging demonstrated multiple small high-intensity areas in the cerebral white matter and spinal cord, while cerebrospinal fluid examination disclosed mononuclear cell increase and protein elevation including myelin basic protein, all of which simulated the features of multiple sclerosis.	2
We present a case report of endodontic overfilling involving the mandibular canal.	2
After discontinuation she developed adrenal insufficiency, for which she needed substitution of steroids.	2
Evidence of disseminated varicella infection was confirmed at autopsy.	2
This case demonstrated the importance of obtaining complete drug histories from patients.	2
This entity should be included in the differential diagnosis for renal transplant recipients with hypercalcemia, especially in patients who develop lung infections.	2
In patient 4, it occurred several hours after the first ranibizumab injection.	2
Development of cavernous haemangioma following radical chemo-radiotherapy for nasopharyngeal carcinoma.	2
METHODS: Small case series.	2
Temporary amelioration was achieved following plasmapheresis; however, this and other measures were unsuccessful in controlling the thyrotoxicosis, which deteriorated to thyroid storm.	2
In this report the case of a 58-year-old female with neuropathic pain using increasing transdermal (TTS) fentanyl dosages to a maximum dose of 3400 microg/h resulting in fentanyl plasma levels of 173 ng/ml is described.	2
She was discharged with oral levofloxacin to complete an additional 3 days of treatment as an outpatient.	2
Delirium in the intensive care unit: are we helping the patient?	2
We present a case of a patient with two preexisting Silastic syringosubarachnoid shunt catheters who developed Enterobacter meningitis.	2
RESULTS: A 30-year-old woman with polycystic ovary syndrome developed bilateral anterior uveitis during ovulation induction therapy.	2
Contributory factors probably included pharmacokinetic interactions with co-administrated drugs, vitamin K deficiency caused by decreased dietary intake, reduced gut bacterial production, impaired intestinal absorption and hepatic synthetic capacity, and increased consumption of clotting factors.	2
A 47-year-old woman presented to our clinic 1 day after an intervention for a tibial shaft fracture because of sudden onset of chest pain and palpitations.	2
This report describes iatrogenic left main thrombosis treated by operative thrombectomy and coronary artery bypass grafting.	2
These reactions recurred immediately after the second dose.	2
(3) A 61-year-old woman with active refractory Wegener's granulomatosis who developed respiratory insufficiency due to aspergillus and pseudomonas pneumonia.	2
CONCLUSIONS: DWI findings in this cohort seem to reflect cytotoxic edema within cerebral white matter suggesting a reversible metabolic derangement, rather than ischemia, as the basis for this syndrome.	2
Combination chemotherapy with VM 26 and CCNU in primary malignant brain tumors.	2
OBJECTIVE: Transcatheter arterial embolization (TAE) with gelatin sponge particles and iodized oil often yields poor results when used to treat unresectable multifocal hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC).	2
After diagnosis of epidural lipomatosis on magnetic resonance imaging, the patient underwent decompressive thoraco-laminectomy.	2
We report on a case of localized ganglioneuroblastoma treated by carboplatin/etoposide for 2 courses and surgery, which developed a serious GHD after 56 months.	2
Charcoal hemoperfusion and sequential dialysis were performed because of the serious risk of fatality following such a massive dose of dapsone.	2
Our case re-emphasizes the need for investigation of factors precipitating ARF in children with idiopathic NS.	2
A high lamotrigine concentration was detected in the breast milk, and the neonatal lamotrigine serum concentration was in the upper therapeutic range.	2
Transnasal fiberoptic laryngoscopy revealed a significant laryngeal hematoma, as well as a hematoma on the floor of the mouth and in the tonsil area.	2
RESULTS: The material from inside the lumen of the catheter was analyzed using x-ray spectroscopy and a scanning electron microscopy.	2
We report a case and discuss its presentation and management.	2
CONCLUSIONS: This novel chemotherapy regimen achieved favorable results and may be useful in treating patients with unresectable multifocal HCC resistant to TAE.	2
Pulmonary nodules caused by Schizophyllum commune after cardiac transplantation.	2
Further studies on the precise association with different therapies are thus needed.	2
Acute diurnal variations of the pharmacodynamic striatal response are suggested explanation for these clinical observations.	2
While fluoroscopy is a reliable method for identifying boney structures, ultrasound may identify the vertebral vessels, thyroid gland and vessels, longus coli muscles, nerve roots and the esophagus.	2
No concrete predisposing factor was found to be associated with the occurrence of the lesions on the face.	2
These symptoms resolved over a period of five days.	2
Severe tardive dystonia: treatment with continuous intrathecal baclofen administration.	2
Two cases illustrate how analeptic abuse can contribute to the development of paranoid psychosis in narcolepsy and greatly complicate treatment.	2
METHODS: Cases were identified by using a questionnaire sent to nephrologists and pathologists in French university and general hospitals.	2
A 63-year-old African-American woman was admitted to the hospital with urosepsis and altered mental status.	2
A patient with recurrent fungal endocarditis on prosthetic mitral valve is presented.	2
BACKGROUND: Pneumocystis jiroveci pneumonia may be a life-threatening opportunistic infection in immunosuppressed solid organ transplant recipients.	2
We observed a patient who developed a maculopapular rash 48 h after beginning oral therapy with this drug, and 2 days later, angioedema and hypotension.	2
Although the intended length of treatment was a minimum of 8 weeks, only three patients completed 8 weeks of therapy, one patient completed 6 weeks, two patients completed 4 weeks and one patient was discontinued after 5 days.	2
Fungal-related ICD infections have rarely been reported, and little is known about the presentation, prevalence, and treatment options for these morbid infections.	2
Macrodantin: a cautionary tale.	2
Although opiates can provide patients with relief from pain and the discomfort of cough, the routine prescription of these drugs for infants demands caution and concern.	2
We present a case of postoperative nausea and vomiting resulting from a presumed lumbar CSF leak in a nonverbal child after surgical placement of a permanent intrathecal catheter.	2
All received tissue plasminogen activator.	2
BACKGROUND: Hepatitis C (HCV) infection is a major cause of liver disease, cirrhosis, and hepatocellular carcinoma.	2
Blood, urine, and throat cultures were negative.	2
The patient required high dose opioid to control the shoulder pain.	2
A child with respiratory distress was found to have been given an antibiotic which was reconstituted with methadone.	2
The case of a 86-year-old woman with obstructive ileus due to advanced pancreatic cancer is presented.	2
Any areas of obvious third-degree burns would be debrided and grafted.	2
The success rate of the two approaches appeared to be approximately equal.	2
One year later, he was readmitted to our clinic because of nonfunctioning tube and peristomal cellulites.	2
It is concluded that selective 5-HT4 agonists could be potentially useful to improve bladder emptying in micturition disorders associated with detrusor hypocontractility.	2
However, an increasing number of reports are appearing suggesting more than just a casual relationship between leukemia and the use of alkylating agents.	2
A recent article has reviewed complications associated with interventional procedures and concluded that the complications were due to deviation from a specific prescribed protocol.	2
Report of a case and review of the literature.	2
"I couldn't believe how tired I was without realizing it until after I finished a course of iron therapy.	2
OBJECTIVE: To report three cases of bilateral Acanthamoeba keratitis in association with Synergeyes hybrid contact lens wear.	2
HHV-6B infection caused or triggered severe gastrointestinal inflammation with intractable diarrhoea and failure to thrive over several months.	2
METHODS: We employed an A-B-A-B single-subject research design that included clinical history, clinical findings, photographic images, and specular microscopic findings of ocular changes.	2
Chronic viral infection relapsed after the suspension of the IFN-alpha therapy.	2
Toxic shock syndrome associated with the use of the vacuum-assisted closure device.	2
Since their introduction in 2006, the tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKI) Sunitinib and Sorafenib have become the standard of care for many patients with renal cancer.	2
We report a case of coagulation activation, fluid retention and transient autoimmune hepatitis most likely triggered by the use of black cohosh.	2
This patient and other indigent patients who may be poor compliers because they are unable to buy the necessary medication may be at a higher risk for adverse reactions.	2
All patients experienced severe anaemia after induction chemotherapy despite erythropoietin.	2
Decreased cellular Mg content with normal serum Mg level predisposes to digitalis-toxic arrhythmias.	2
This particular form of hyperthyroidism is long-lasting because of the slow elimination of amiodarone.	2
A review of the literature was carried out with special reference to the significance of clinical myopathy with a negative biopsy.	2
RESULTS: Treatment with this topical fluorinated corticosteroid produced a measurable reduction in the size of the hemangiomas, which permitted clearing of the visual axis.	2
In order to induce further resorption of the haematoma.	2
We report a case of ischemic cholangitis that occurred after transcatheter hepatic arterial chemoembolization (TAE).	2
Endoscopic rinsing was performed, and multiple small yellowish microgranulations, less than 1 mm in diameter, were observed in the lateral ventricles and the third ventricle.	2
Two patients are alive at 16.4 and 22.5 months after initial treatment.	2
Since the corneal keratinization clinically improved with conservative management, surgical intervention was not required.	2
A MEDLINE search did not identify any citation describing the possibility of an interaction between the drugs.	2
But metformin has fibrinolytic features by means of diminished plasminogen activator inhibitor 1 activity.	2
Both patients presented as self-referrals to the emergency department.	2
Magnetic resonance imaging showed several areas of abnormally high signal on T2-weighted images in the brainstem, thalamus, and mamillary bodies.	2
Hemoglobin levels normalized after administration of enalapril was stopped.	2
None of these patients experienced a relapse of their PTLD with follow-up ranging from 1.5 to 5 years.	2
Chemotherapy was stopped and systemic application of prednisolone was initiated.	2
Thereafter LMWH was discontinued.	2
Postoperative imaging did not disclose any intra-orbital abnormalities.	2
BACKGROUND: Contact allergy to corticosteroids has recently gained increased attention.	2
Within 6 weeks, endophthalmitis resolved in three consecutive patients with positive aqueous cultures.	2
A 68-year-old male was admitted for interstitial pneumonia associated with scleroderma.	2
2-Chlordeoxyadenosine (2-CdA) is an antineoplastic/immunosuppressive agent used to treat hairy cell leukemia (HCL), chronic lymphocytic leukemia, and low-grade lymphomas.	2
Both cases had classical symptoms of Youssef's syndrome, i.e. cyclic hematuria, absence of vaginal bleeding and complete urinary continence.	2
Immunosuppressive therapy was conducted with OKT-3 induction in the first patient because of the coexisting renal dysfunction and with a triple immunosuppressive regimen for both patients.	2
They discuss related literature reports of mania or rapid cycling after adjunctive estrogen administration for refractory depression.	2
Clonally rearranged immunoglobulin heavy chain JH gene was not detected by Southern blot analysis.	2
However, glucose-phosphate dehydrogenase was normal in the present case, suggesting that it is not a predisposing condition to the lung injury.	2
Many past cases of SMON have occurred in Japan but since 1975 no new cases have been reported.	2
Autoimmune polyendocrinopathy-candidiasis-ectodermal dystrophy (APECED) is an inherited disease which may comprise many endocrine and non-endocrine components.	2
This etiology has to be considered in patients taking this drug who present with intraocular inflammation.	2
Severe systemic cytomegalovirus infections in patients with steroid-refractory ulcerative colitis treated by an oral microemulsion form of cyclosporine: report of two cases.	2
Postoperative pyoderma gangrenosum (PPG), also known as postoperative progressive gangrene of Cullen, is a rare and rapidly evolving complication of surgical procedures.	2
This case demonstrates that the rapid effect of intravenous dantrolene can be life saving in fulminant neuroleptic malignant syndrome.	2
The patient denied taking other drugs.	2
Corticosteroids were found to worsen and prolong the course of disease.	2
Eight patients over 21 months underwent a combined intravenous-intra-arterial approach.	2
Dermatomyositis is associated with malignancy in approximately 20-25% of cases.	2
OBJECTIVE: The aim of this report was to highlight the fact that hearing loss in thalassaemia patients can be related to marrow expansion affecting the ossicles, resulting in a conductive loss.	2
We suggest that a combination of anti-TNF-alpha, plasmapheresis and high-dose intravenous gammaglobulin may be a safe and effective therapy for pregnant patients suffering severe lupus nephritis.	2
Cryptococcosis is a disseminated fungal disease typically associated with immunosuppression and characterized by high mortality rates.	2
Extrapyramidal syndrome presenting as dysphagia: a case report.	2
This patient did not initially receive surgical debridement and systemic antibiotics, the standard treatment for necrotizing fasciitis of bacterial origin.	2
Streptococcus agalactiae sepsis after transfusion of a plateletpheresis concentrate: benefit of donor evaluation.	2
Ticlopidine withdrawal and treatment with antibiotics, transfusions, and G-CSF helped him to recover.	2
Thoracic CT showed a markedly enlarged mediastinum, with a voluminous mass in the middle mediastinum.	2
OBJECTIVE: To describe the pathology and the rehabilitation of an uncommon complication of intrathecal drug administration during the oncologic treatment of acute lymphoma.	2
CASES REPORT: Three eyes of three patients with mCNV were examined with fluorescein angiography (FA) and ICGA using Heidelberg Retinal Angiograph 2 and the conventional fundus camera before and after IVB.	2
Following this incident, the patient was seen weekly and treated with conjugated vaginal oestrogen cream.	2
The third patient, who was elderly, survived because of early detection and initiation of therapy.	2
Olanzapine is a relatively new antipsychotic drug used in the United States for the treatment of schizophrenia.	2
She developed a febrile illness associated with severe pancytopenia and leukocytoclastic vasculitic rash followed by diffuse adenopathy, with serologic and pathologic evidence of EBV infection.	2
PFGE revealed different patterns of banding, excluding that interpatient contamination occured.	2
We present a case in which a bolus intravenous injection of sulprostone 30 micrograms was administered to treat postpartum haemorrhage during caesarean section.	2
Her course continued to be complicated until consistent follow-up with a nutritionist was established.	2
NE occurred 7-10 days after the completion of chemotherapy, during the neutropenic phase.	2
MRI revealed white matter abnormalities that were not present on the pretreatment scan.	2
Tegaserod, a potent partial agonist of the serotonin 5-HT4 receptor, is used to treat women with constipation-predominant irritable bowel syndrome.	2
Skin biopsies confirmed scrofuloderma and the patient was successfully treated for tuberculosis with resolution of the brain masses.	2
Treatment of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma with the CHOP regimen consists of intravenous cyclophosphamide 750 mg/m2 (day 1), intravenous doxorubicin 50 mg/m2 (day 1), intravenous vincristine 1.4 mg/m2 (day 1), and oral prednisone 100 mg (days 1-5).	2
It has been associated with phenytoin, cyclosporine, and calcium channel blocking agents.	2
An intensive search revealed that this patient was receiving coumadin that was given by the mother.	2
Of 877 patients with Crohn's disease, 484 (55. 1%) received corticosteroids during the course of the disease, 196 (22.4%) received at least one course of parenteral nutrition, and 125 (14.3%) received both corticosteroids and parenteral nutrition.	2
We report that these tumors frequently express the CD-20 antigen, and immunotherapy directed at this antigen may be a well-tolerated and effective treatment.	2
Recombinant human granulocyte colony-stimulating factor in combination with continuous infusion of cytosine arabinoside for the treatment of refractory acute myelogenous leukemia.	2
It usually occurs in otherwise healthy young adults, often in association with a severe soft tissue infection and has a 30% mortality rate.	2
INTRODUCTION: Pamidronate disodium, a bone resorption inhibitor through osteoclast mediation, has been used to treat chronic hypercalcemia secondary to malignancy and chronic renal failure.	2
The drug should be withdrawn immediately if there is a suspicion of blood disorders.	2
The disease is primarily treated with systemic corticosteroids.	2
Four weeks later the patient was admitted to our hospital.	2
We report a case of a 32-year-old man who showed paradoxical enlargement of pathologically verified intracranial tuberculomas during a course of adequate antituberculous chemotherapy.	2
Treatments can be given on an outpatient basis, without requiring prolonged patient sedation or immobilization.	2
However, this class of drugs has been associated with tic exacerbations, thus limiting their utility in this patients subgroup.	2
8 months later she was scheduled for salvage chemotherapy with gemcitabine (1,000 mg/m(2) days 1 and 8) and docetaxel (75 mg/m(2) day 8) due to locally progressive disease.	2
PURPOSE: To describe 2 cases of sterile corneal ulcers that persisted after several weeks of therapy with topical moxifloxacin 0.5% but that resolved when antibiotic therapy was changed.	2
Four case reports presenting new acquisitions on the association between breast and endometrial carcinoma.	2
In this case of CPM, blindness was encountered and was thought to be "hysterical." The blindness went away after four months.	2
We obtained the following results.	2
The effect of fluoxetine, a potent and specific serotonin reuptake inhibitor, on NREM eye movements is postulated to derive from potentiation of serotonergic neurons that inhibit brainstem "omnipause neurons", which, in turn, inhibit saccadic eye movements, thus resulting in disinhibited release of saccades.	2
A single-pass tunneling technique for CSF shunting procedures.	2
In general, angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors should be discontinued in pregnancy, as they can induce an ACE fetopathy.	2
This case report underscores the relationship between genetic background, environmental factors, drug-induced immunosuppression and the evolution of this peculiar neoplasm.	2
Forty-two hospitalized patients with HI disease had computerized ECG during the same 6-month period.	2
Vacuolar myelinopathy of the brain and lamellar ichthyosis.	2
Most patients with FH deficiency associated HUS progress to end-stage renal disease despite plasma therapy.	2
We here report the first case of psoriatic arthritis which developed lung cancer.	2
The infection was resistant to both high-dose liposomal amphotericin B and voriconazole.	2
Umbilical artery catheterization is known to be associated with aortoiliac thrombosis in approximately 1% of newborns in whom catheters are placed.	2
SUMMARY AND BACKGROUND DATA: The subjects of this study were patients with intractable pain in donor area after conventional treatments using a transverse incision, which is parallel to posterior iliac crest.	2
However, in ill and/or young children, behavioral audiometry may not be sufficiently precise to detect the early stages of hearing loss.	2
A 48-year-old woman with a diagnosis of breast carcinoma was treated with adjuvant chemotherapy through a central venous catheter with subcutaneous reservoir (Port-A-Cath).	2
When obstruction occurs due to antacid concretions, it may be relieved by passing a long intestinal tube, by giving enemas for colonic obstruction or by operation.	2
The mother had received carbamazepine therapy for epilepsy.	2
Post mortem examination showed the cause of death to be intestinal infarction resulting from superior mesenteric and portal vein thrombosis.	2
Patients who develop these reactions whilst receiving GSTM can be successfully changed to aurothioglucose.	2
He had previously failed induction therapy with cyclophosphamide, vincristine, adriamycin, and dexamethasone, but achieved complete remission after melphalan therapy.	2
Pulmonary resection was finally performed because of acute progressive respiratory failure due to massive recurrent hemoptysis.	2
A patient using ziprasidone with polydipsia, seizure, hyponatremia and rhabdomyolysis.	2
A MEDLINE search from 1966 to December 2000 revealed no reports of toxic epidermal necrolysis, erythema multiforme, or Stevens-Johnson syndrome due to ofloxacin therapy.	2
We suggest that it may be more appropriate and economical to advise patients to report promptly any suspected side effects than to perform regular LFTs, which may be misleading.	2
Although preemptive therapy with ganciclovir prevented successfully severe CMV diseases and CMV-related mortality, a patient developed persistent positive CMV antigenemia for more than 1 year after transplantation and CMV disease, despite the use of ganciclovir and foscarnet.	2
Fluorescein angiography demonstrated multiple leakage points; indocyanine green angiography disclosed large hyperfluorescent patches in the choroid and OCT demonstrated retinal detachment with dense subretinal deposits.	2
CONCLUSIONS: This phenomenon of sudden vitritis after KPro, with few other symptoms and with complete recovery, would be uncharacteristic of a bacterial endophthalmitis.	2
I report a patient who developed the syndrome during treatment for schizophrenia with the antipsychotic agent molindone hydrochloride.	2
Morphine-6-glucuronide is an active metabolite of morphine that has analgesic properties and is measurable in the plasma and cerebrospinal fluid of patients treated with this opioid.	2
The possibility that a higher incidence of adverse events occurs in a vulnerable population has not been systematically addressed, and seems called for.	2
She was successfully carried through pregnancy and delivered a normal child despite combination chemotherapy.	2
These findings lend further evidence for anticonvulsant teratogenicity.	2
No recurrence of clinical signs occurred during the follow-up period (1 and 4 years, respectively).	2
No reactions occurred to methylprednisolone and hydrocortisone.	2
Crumley).	2
DISCUSSION: We postulate that the rapid onset of hyperglycemia and the resulting medical sequelae were due to olanzapine.	2
Rhegmatogenous retinal detachment followed peribulbar injection in a patient with preexisting sympathetic ophthalmia.	2
Temporary suspension of anticoagulant therapy (83% in our study group) to rule out minor surgery, appears to be the most frequent cause of thrombosis.	2
More attention should be focused on long term effects of neuroleptics.	2
Drug-induced interstitial nephritis in a child with idiopathic nephrotic syndrome.	2
The salmon calcitonin is used in some osteomuscular diseases.	2
Both patients had Campylobacter jejuni enteritis, and one case was complicated by bacteraemia.	2
It is estimated that the real incidence if TIAA is higher, and many cases, initially presented as agranulocytosis +/- thrombocytopenia, might be true aplastic anemias, not proven by marrow aspiration or trephine biopsy.	2
Nocardiosis revealed by thyroid abscess in a liver--kidney transplant recipient.	2
Report of a case and review of the literature.	2
Case 2.	2
One patient died of an arrhythmia that deteriorated into asystole, and 2 patients recovered and underwent coronary angiography.	2
Surgical re-siting of the intrathecal catheter produced good pain relief for many months.	2
This case report is the first to describe a possible interaction with glipizide.	2
Human T cell leukemia virus type 1 proviral DNA loads were reduced to undetectable levels in PBMC sampled 12 months after BMT.	2
CK and/or alanine aminotransferase and aspartate aminotransferase were increased 5-24 times above the normal range in four of these patients, and the muscle biopsy showed focal RML in all five.	2
CONCLUSION: The two reported cases of tocolysis-induced vulvar edema were not fatal and resolved after repositioning the patient in one case and by cesarean section in the other.	2
Cytomegalovirus colitis after autologous transplantation for multiple myeloma.	2
Differential diagnosis and theories regarding the development of these neuroleptic-induced disorders are reviewed.	2
However, thereafter he suffered from serious infectious complications associated with immunosuppression and finally died 11 months after APOLT.	2
She did not experience any reactions.	2
PURPOSE: The purpose of this study was to evaluate the differential diagnosis of pulmonary nodules by conventional radiography and computed tomography (CT) in osteosarcoma patients with central venous catheter.	2
In a patient without evidence of hypersensitivity (the lymphocytes did not react to the drug in vitro) fever was the sole manifestation of an adverse reaction to cimetidine that was confirmed by challenge with the drug.	2
We report a case of rhino-orbital zygomycosis caused by Rhizopus oryzae that developed in a 41-year-old male renal transplant recipient.	2
In severe cardiogenic shock, the patient required an extracorporeal membrane-oxygenation system for 8 days until cardiac recovery.	2
We report on a patient in whom a giant thrombus in the left atrium was detected by transthoracic echocardiography.	2
It is becoming increasingly evident the population at highest risk for sustaining a complication related to anticoagulation is that group presenting with traumatic brain injury.	2
Acute syphilitic meningitis in a patient with systemic lupus erythematosus.	2
Two cases of pneumococcal sepsis, meningitis and unilateral endophthalmitis after total splenectomy are described.	2
It is essential to recognize individual susceptibility to neuroleptic-induced side effects for treatment guidelines.	2
We describe a 5-month-old infant who had fever of unknown origin leading to an exhaustive evaluation during a 7-week period.	2
Clinico-pathological correlations were made.	2
The progressive appearance of squamous epitheliomas and other cutaneous adverse events, such as the ulcer, suggests that alternative chemotherapies should be considered for the treatment of myeloproliferative diseases.	2
Organ transplant recipients on immunosuppressant therapy are at risk of developing lymphoproliferative disorders.	2
Risk factors present for acquired long QT syndrome were mineral dysbalance and a history of alcohol abuse with hepatic impairment.	2
Patient 2 presented an acute left hemiballismus when consciousness was restored with naloxone.	2
This report describes our experience with four adult patients who suffered anthracycline extravasation and were treated with a regimen of ice, local glucocorticoid injection, and dimethylsulfoxide (DMSO) 55%-99% applied topically every 2-4 h after extravasation for a minimum of 3 days.	2
Infections and immunosuppression as specific problems in a HIV + patient transplanted for end-stage alcoholic cirrhosis.	2
For patients receiving hemodialysis (HD) who are exposed to gadolinium, the Federal Drug Administration (FDA) recommends HD to remove this contrast agent in order to minimize the risk of NSF.	2
Acute gastrointestinal bleeding following aortic valve replacement in a patient with Heyde's sindrome.	2
Cerebrovascular complications were the most frequent and were seen in 51% of the liver, 59% of the heart, 58% of the lung, 50% of the heart-lung, 49% of the kidney and 44% of the bone marrow allografts.	2
He was treated with clindamycin, gentamicin and underwent surgical debridement, but succumbed to other complications.	2
Majocchi's granuloma is a condition with chronic erythematous and indurated plaques that is a result of the rupture of a dermatophyte-infected infundibulum as a result of trauma.	2
Ten months after the injection, visual acuity remained at 20/50, and intraocular pressure measured 15 mm Hg without antiglaucomatous therapy taken.	2
The dose of cefoxitin should be reduced in patients with renal functional impairment.	2
In conclusion that immunocompromised patients with impaired cellular and humoral immunity are at risk for the development of opportunistic infections and hematologic abnormalities.	2
Also, we have reviewed selected features in eight patients who took overdoses of chloral hydrate who were admitted to an intensive care unit between 1981 and 1988.	2
Recurrent bacteremia developed necessitating Hickman line removal for eventual resolution of the infection.	2
On postoperative day 30, the patient developed primary CMV disease that responded to ganciclovir.	2
Clearly, more effective therapies are needed for this rapidly lethal disease.	2
There was no family history of similar lesions.	2
Until recently, actinomycin D (AMD), a cytotoxic antibiotic, was considered to cause little or no liver damage.	2
Catheter directed thrombolysis has been described as a treatment for large pulmonary emboli resistant to systemic therapy [Kelly P, Carroll N, Grant C, Barrett C, Kocka V.	2
It is common practice in critical care areas for registered nurses to administer antiarrhythmics without a doctor's prescription in life-threatening situations.	2
This finding differs from other common agents, in which 63% of the radiation recall events are reported to manifest as a dermatitis.	2
Pathological features such as large amounts of lipid droplets and lysosome-melanosome complexes were also found within the melanocytes.	2
A 32-year-old male schizophrenic patient on ziprasidone treatment was admitted to the hospital following a seizure.	2
Thus, intracoronary nitroglycerin can reverse coronary artery spasm that does not respond to systemic nitroglycerin administration.	2
No re-occurrence of pancreatitis was observed in a 16 month follow-up.	2
This case illustrates the diagnostic challenges in the management of such a patient, as well as the need for greater vigilance in the monitoring of liver function tests for patients treated with imatinib.	2
The lymphoma presented with pleural effusions, mediastinal and cervical adenopathy, and no gastrointestinal lesion.	2
Ultimately, diabetes was controlled by dietary therapy alone despite reintroduction of risperidone.	2
As suggested by the three clustered cases, this heretofore undescribed association between sudden unexpected cardiac death and thrombolytic therapy for AMI in patients with seropositive, corticosteroid-dependent RA suggests that further study and observation are needed.	2
We report here a case of thymic hyperplasia after chemotherapy for acute myeloid leukemia.	2
PURPOSE: To describe a case of progressive outer retinal necrosis in a human immunodeficiency virus-negative immunosuppressed patient undergoing treatment for graft-versus-host disease after bone marrow transplantation.	2
RESULTS: The patient's serum from 10 days after the episode, only when therapeutic concentrations of oxaliplatin were added, reacted with all RBCs tested using the indirect antiglobulin test (IAT) (3+).	2
Cervical artery dissection (CAD) recurrences are rare but the risk could be higher during the first month.	2
Immuno-chemo-radiotherapy (interferon, ranimustine, and radiation), second-line chemotherapy (carboplatin and etoposide, 7 cycles) and third-line chemotherapy (ifosfamide, carboplatin, and etoposide) was given to treat progressive disease.	2
We report the pharmacological treatment of a case of alternating hemiplegia of childhood (AHC) in a 14-year-old female with an established diagnosis.	2
Treatment of high-dose intrathecal morphine overdose.	2
Early onset Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia after allogeneic peripheral blood stem cell transplantation.	2
In 1993, a case of PI with nephrotic syndrome following steroid treatment was reported in Japan.	2
Anticoagulant therapy is appropriate for embolic cerebral infarction due to valvular heart disease or cardiac dysrhythmia, as well as for stroke-in-evolution.	2
His INR was 1.69 despite the increased warfarin dosage.	2
This article describes three cases that illustrate possible rationales for combination antidepressant therapy: reduced side effects, synergistic treatment effects, reduced treatment response time, prescriber familiarity, and clinical experience.	2
Both patients had received brief courses of spironolactone before arginine treatment.	2
Whether valaciclovir (VCV) prophylaxis could be responsible for ganciclovir (GCV)-resistance of Human cytomegalovirus (HCMV) in transplantation has never been documented.	2
DISCUSSION: The causal association between anticoagulant therapy and spontaneous hemothorax remains relatively uncommon.	2
Effects of pergolide on nocturia in Parkinson's disease: three female cases selected from over 400 patients.	2
The patient survives with severe sequela which confirms slow progression as typical in nonAIDS cases.	2
Fifteen such patients were treated with clozapine and rerated blind to baseline symptomatology and functional level from 2 to 9 months after beginning treatment (mean = 4.2 +/- 2.1).	2
Adverse cutaneous reactions to low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) are uncommon in the literature.	2
A case report and review of the literature.	2
This report describes the case of a 53-year-old woman with pacemaker pocket infection due to acremonium species.	2
This report is of the successful treatment of a patient with multiply drug-resistant visceral leishmaniasis with a commercially prepared formulation of liposomal amphotericin B (L-AmB) ('AmBisome', Vestar, San Dimas, California, USA).	2
A whole brain irradiation was performed for 37.5Gy with a fraction size of 2.5Gy and gefitinib was replaced with erlotinib on the 5th day after radiation therapy commenced for disease progressing.	2
CONCLUSIONS: This case report suggests that there may be individuals that are very sensitive to increases in serotonin concentrations.	2
We evaluated drug-specific T cell responses in a patient with refractory partial seizures and paroxysmal kinesigenic choreoathetosis successfully treated with clinical desensitization to phenytoin.	2
Symphysitis following transrectal biopsy of the prostate.	2
She underwent a standard protocol for insulin desensitization twice in a 2-month period, with persistence in her symptoms.	2
A mini-review of the literature based on a MEDLINE search follows.	2
The latent period of therapy-related MDS (t-MDS) from the time of diagnosis of ATL was approximately 35 months.	2
Use of lamotrigine to augment clozapine in patients with resistant schizophrenia and comorbid alcohol dependence: a potent anti-craving effect?	2
All three cases showed extensive fibrin deposition in the kidneys and lungs, the appearances of the renal lesions being similar to those seen in the haemolytic-uraemic syndrome.	2
However, the extremely rare occurrence of complications related to perforation of the bladder can be detrimental.	2
They also raise issues of patient education for self medication and access to emergency dental services outside normal working hours.	2
RESULTS: We measured the highest acyclovir serum levels reported so far (229.9 mumol/L = 51.8 mg/L).	2
The liver abscess had resolved almost completely on ultrasonography after 2 weeks of therapy.	2
The patient did experience nasal mucosal friability and diffuse hyperpigmentation of the face and hands.	2
DESIGN: Interventional case report.	2
Bronchial exposure to alternative sprays containing beclomethasone dipropionate (group D), fluticasone-17- propionate (D) and dexamethasone-21-isonicotinate (C) was well tolerated.	2
The medication error was noticed after she had received 2 doses of amphotericin B deoxycholate, and it was then discontinued.	2
Blastoschizomyces capitatus (BC), a filamentous fungus of genus Trichosporum, is as an important opportunistic pathogen in the compromised host.	2
Thrombotic microangiopathy (TMA) is a serious toxicity associated with a small number of antineoplastic agents.	2
CASE SUMMARY: A 71-year-old woman with a history of malignant mixed mesodermal tumor involving the uterus, cervix, and vagina was admitted because of local recurrence.	2
Shortly after this treatment was initiated, the mare appeared comfortable and no longer had signs of pain.	2
These included advanced age, chronic lung disease, liver disease, and administration of cimetidine.	2
The effect of trimethadione treatment on dissolution of stones was not closely related to the aetiology of the disease, distribution and size of stones, previous history of surgical interventions, or the degree of pancreatic dysfunctions.	2
This case report describes a patient with Turner's syndrome receiving systemic androgen therapy who experienced marked gingival enlargement, bleeding, and discomfort.	2
ECG and thallium-201 scintigram.	2
Subacromial impingement syndrome as a consequence of botulinum therapy to the upper trapezii: a case report.	2
Her serum electrolytes were sodium 122 mEq/L, potassium 5.9 mEq/L, chloride 93 mEq/L, and carbon dioxide 19 mEq/L.	2
A 29-year-old woman with a long history of primary nocturnal enuresis began treatment with intranasal desmopressin.	2
Five patients took a combination of herbs and presented with jaundice, fatigue and pruritus.	2
Generally, only a small proportion of prenatally exposed children are affected.	2
An uncommon cause of delayed postpartum hemorrhage is a pseudoaneurysm of the uterine artery.	2
METHODS: [1] Trachea specimens excised from 15 healthy ferrets were incubated in culture plates lined with 200 mg of VVR, and the mucin secretion was compared to those from controls without VVR.	2
These patients would then not experience EPS and would be more likely to continue with their medication in the long term and thus avoid relapse.	2
Atomoxetine has been explored as an alternative treatment as one of the few non-stimulants available to treat ADHD.	2
Drug provocation test is important in this case to confirm which drug had caused hypersensitivity reaction because anti tuberculosis drugs were the treatment of choice for her illness.	2
Ninety-two microg kg-1 were given thereafter at time intervals of 2 h until 12 h, then every 3 h until 24 h, and every 4 h until 48 h after surgery.	2
It is known to cause dyschromatopsia, visual disturbances, and visual-field defects.	2
Every effort should be made to avoid contact with mercury vapour if possible by using barrier techniques, reducing the temperature of the operating room and of the amalgam restoration.	2
Phenytoin and carbamazepine were necessary to control the seizures.	2
A rare complication of trigeminal nerve stimulation during radiofrequency thermocoagulation: sudden ST segment elevation.	2
A postmortem toxicology analysis reported a fluoxetine concentration of 4500 mcg/L and diazepam of 500 mcg/L.	2
Serial serum lithium levels were also obtained.	2
INTERVENTION: A 50-year-old female with bilateral canalicular obstruction secondary to docetaxel therapy received botulinum toxin injections (5 units each) into the lacrimal glands of both eyes.	2
Many patients who were on chronic TPN with MVI ceased to receive the MVI and were converted to an oral form of the multivitamin.	2
BACKGROUND: Extrapyramidal signs (EPS) typically are a late-presenting feature of sporadic Alzheimer disease (AD), but relatively little data are available regarding EPS in FAD.	2
Gamma-hydroxybutyrate (GHB) is best known as a recreational depressant drug, whose use has also been implicated in drug facilitated sexual assault cases.	2
However, adrenal suppression has only rarely been documented.	2
Although hepatic veno-occlusive disease (HVOD) is a common complication of allogenic bone marrow transplantation (BMT), pulmonary veno-occlusive disease (PVOD) is very rare.	2
However, the evidence is limited and studies have not assessed the outcome of a direct substitution in these cyclosporine-dependent patients.	2
Satisfactory initial results over the first few months of treatment were achieved when the new preparation was given to Transvaal patients known to have these disorders and hitherto treated in vain.	2
On rare occasions, severe complications such as respiratory failure, metabolic acidosis, renal failure, coma, and death have been reported in both adults and children.	2
He was treated and monitored over the subsequent several months.	2
We describe two cases of late postpartum hemorrhage following Cesarean section, attributed to pelvic arterial pseudoaneurysm, that were successfully treated by direct thrombin injection under ultrasound guidance.	2
The thyroid gland was not enlarged or tender.	2
Caution in the use of boldo in herbal laxatives: a case of hepatotoxicity.	2
The most striking and severe symptom was burning of the trunk and proximal extremities, occurring in 11 patients.	2
A 40-year-old man who developed acute myelomonoblastic leukemia (M4) after 7 years of treatment for multiple myeloma with the alkylating agent melphalan and steroids is presented.	2
We suggest that colonoscopy and biopsy should always be performed if other causes of diarrhea have been excluded.	2
She used to move her right hand over the right eye while simultaneously rubbing the forehead since the age of 8.	2
The patients were monitored at months 1 and 3.	2
We present a rare case of retinoid-induced sclerotic changes of lumbar spine and femur demonstrated by dual energy x-ray absorptiometrie (DEXA).	2
Delusional disorder, somatic type (DDST) is a rare psychiatric disorder and the treatment is mostly based on observations, due to the lack of well-organized studies.	2
Treatment with volume expansion, hypertonic sodium bicarbonate, inotropic support with norepinephrine and insertion of an intra-aortic balloon pump led to complete recovery after 72 hours.	2
A rare case of lumbosacral meningioma: nondural attachment and possible enlargement by orally administered sex steroid.	2
Here, a rare case of a patient with Type I GD who developed adenocarcinoma of the lung that was treated with chemotherapy, radiotherapy and biological agents inhibiting receptor tyrosine kinases is presented.	2
His pulse rate was 90 min(-1) and his respiratory rate was 20 min(-1).	2
Nitrates occur in high concentrations in some food and water.	2
Effectiveness of pentostatin (2'-deoxycoformycin) in refractory lymphoid neoplasms.	2
The liver other than the nodules showed liver fibrosis associated with liver cell dysplasia and peliosis hepatis-like change.	2
Although RA has been shown to confer a significant survival advantage in this disease, animal studies and a previous case report have suggested it could increase the toxic effects of chemotherapy and renal irradiation.	2
Generalized seizures were observed, and the patient lapsed into status epilepticus followed by cardiac arrest and subsequently expired.	2
In uncontrolled digestive haemorrhage, a short course of somatostatin therapy can be of great help in controlling the acute bleeding and to avoid emergency laparotomy.	2
We do not suggest that epidural steroid therapy is the treatment of choice for patients with multiple back operations or that it is efficacious for these patients.	2
Cutaneous metastatic plasmacytomas with tropism for a previously injured limb.	2
DESIGN: Description of the clinical findings in two patients with this condition.	2
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the simple medication regimen, all psychotropics were given at night for patients with chronic schizophrenia, who had been taking them at least twice a day for more than 12 weeks before the entry.	2
We confirmed varicella zoster virus using a direct fluorescent antibody test.	2
Five patients were treated with isoprinosine and the antiepileptic drug valproic acid.	2
However, positive emission tomographic scanning revealed disease progression.	2
Factors relating to her case have been reviewed in the literature.	2
Therefore, thrombin should be used only as a last resort, short of craniotomy, to control intractable arterial hemorrhage during stereotactic brain biopsy.	2
Valproate levels remained low because of interactions with phenytoin.	2
Corynebacterium Group JK organisms are common contaminants of the normal skin flora.	2
The neurological manifestations developed within one week after the last dose of Ara-C and persisted for over 8 weeks.	2
Conservative treatment and hydration were carried out.	2
Thus catheter-related cutaneous aspergillosis could lead to a severe deep-seated infection in HIV-positive patients.	2
RESULTS: Prolonged suppression of circulating serum cortisol concentrations and cortisol responses to the Synacthen stimulation test were noted in 3 cases, and marked failure to thrive was noted in all 4 cases.	2
The most common symptom was pain (93%).	2
Itraconazole is particularly attractive in fungal prophylaxis for cancer patients due to its broad spectrum, including Candida and Aspergillus.	2
The right time to perform surgery is hard to define.	2
He had received treatment with 400 mg of imatinib per day for 77 days, followed by dasatinib for 133 days.	2
We propose that the arrhythmias were a complication of steroid pulse therapy.	2
Color Doppler imaging of the thyroid gland in a fetus with congenital goiter: a case report.	2
Due to BC's resistance to currently used antifungal agents, this infection represents a therapeutic challenge and serious complication in the treatment of hematology malignancies.	2
Both patients were successfully treated by chemotherapy including all-trans retinoic acid (ATRA), and after reaching complete remission, they have subsequently been in continuous remission.	2
We also discuss (in the format of questions and answers) the pathophysiological mechanisms underlying the association of serum uric acid with cardiovascular disease, and we review the relevant literature to justify an evidence-based decision to choose an antihypetensive agent (losartan) or a lipid-lowering drug (fenofibrate) with an additional hypouricaemic effect.	2
Diabetes mellitus and exocrine pancreatic insufficiency in a girl with auto-immune haemolysis.	2
No severe local side effects were observed.	2
The second patient recovered spontaneously approximately 2.5 hours after administration of brimonidine.	2
We report the case of an elderly patient who developed this unusual occurrence following an uneventful pars plana vitrectomy for a posteriorly dislocated IOL.	2
DPD deficiency follows an autosomal recessive pattern of inheritance, and its prevalence is estimated to be 3%.	2
Postoperative necrotizing scleritis is a rare complication that occurs at the site of previous ocular surgery.	2
She may have administered doses as high as 8 mg clonidine.	2
No adverse effects attributable to therapy were identified.	2
The serum concentration of mast cell tryptase approximately 1.5h after the onset of the adverse incident confirmed an anaphylactic reaction.	2
A 5-year-old, spayed female German Shepherd dog was admitted to hospital with marked generalised lymphadenomegaly and splenomegaly.	2
Case 1 presented after 25 months of myelosuppressive therapy a deletion of chromosome no. 12, del (12) (p11), in 60% of the diploid cells.	2
Despite vigorous therapy, severe hypoventilation and hypoxemia persisted with mechanical ventilation.	2
Soon after starting subcutaneous erythropoietin, the velocity of progression of renal failure slowed whilst no more blood transfusions were required and haptoglobin levels returned to normal.	2
The multifactorial pathogenesis of ARF includes (a) a disturbance of glomerular microcirculation (afferent and perhaps mesangial constriction, inadequate efferent dilatation); (b) a disturbance of medullary microcirculation (medullary capillary congestion) attributed to a combination of endothelial damage and tubular dilatation; (c) tubular cell damage which, though rarely in humans justifying the term 'acute tubular necrosis', promotes both backleak of glomerular filtrate and shedding of brush border vesicles; (d) the latter promotes tubular obstruction by casts which consist of Tamm-Horsfall protein and brush border components.	2
The radiographic and CT scan show the typical "tram line" intracranial calcifications.	2
An unusual case of necrotizing fasciitis with extensive soft tissue infection stemming from a prolonged case of osteonecrosis of the jaw presented.	2
Only nondepolarizing muscle relaxants should be used in patients who are at risk for mucositis.	2
In two cases, tiagabine was withdrawn, whereas it was continued at a lower dosage in one case.	2
Central nervous system effects that parallel amnesia have been reported in 10-15% of the patients, including dizziness, ataxia, drowsiness, fatigue, confusion, and paranoia.	2
Simvastatin therapy was resumed and resulted in a prompt and severe return of his symptoms.	2
Opioid analgesics were the most common therapy (81%).	2
DISCUSSION: Several different agents are currently available to provide effective anticoagulation in patients who have immune- mediated HIT.	2
We describe a case of hyperchloraemic metabolic acidosis with hypoaldosteronism in a 4-year-old boy with nephrotic syndrome who was receiving ACE inhibitors.	2
PURPOSE: The differentiating characteristics in blebitis and early and late endophthalmitis after glaucoma filtration surgery are reviewed.	2
The CD4 lymphocyte count in 1991 was normal and ultrasonographic scan showed normal liver morphology.	2
Neuroleptic malignant syndrome (NMS) is a potentially fatal adverse reaction to psychopharmacologic treatment.	2
Some of these patients exhibit marked bradycardia (more than 20% deviation from the lowest age-adjusted normal values) while maintaining an arterial blood pressure within an acceptable normal range.	2
She had been receiving oral quinine intermittently for muscle cramps.	2
The patient's diabetic misconceptions remained, but he appeared to gain sufficient insight to prevent recurrent hypoglycaemia.	2
CONCLUSIONS: As a result of recent tyramine analyses and 2 well-documented case reports, all tap (draft) beers should now be absolutely restricted on MAOI diets because they represent a very significant risk at modest levels of consumption.	2
RESULTS: Microscopic examination of smears revealed Acanthamoeba cysts and non-nutrient agar showed a significant growth of Acanthamoeba.	2
We suggest being aware of such reactions during omeprazole usage.	2
Despite the severity of their illness, all patients but one survived.	2
This case report describes a patient who ingested magnesium sulfate (MgSO4) for approximately four days as a treatment for pregnancy-induced hypertension.	2
This case and the brief review of the literature which follows emphasize the danger of prednisone administration in patients who have asthma and a history of drug intolerance.	2
A new complication of cyclophosphamide, methotrexate, and 5-fluorouracil therapy.	2
After the episode, 1 patient continued to receive d-penicillamine therapy and 2 changed to zinc sulfate treatment.	2
Although porphyria cutanea tarda may be familial, it is more often sporadic in occurrence, and has been associated with excess alcohol ingestion, estrogen administration, iron overload, and several environmental hepatotoxins.	2
This article reviews the results of all cases of C-TMA reported to date in the English literature and discusses the theories of pathogenesis, clinical features, treatment, and treatment-related complications of the syndrome.	2
In view of limited therapeutic options for her progressive disease, a trial of fluorouracil 300 mg/m(2)/d continuous intravenous infusion over 5 days was initiated without any premedications.	2
The patient had initiated treatment with oral pantoprazole 40 mg/d for gastroesophageal reflux 2 months prior to admission.	2
These three cases illustrate the diagnostic and therapeutic overlap between childhood and adult anxiety disorders and indicate the need for empirical studies aimed at evaluating diagnostic and treatment issues in childhood anxiety disorders.	2
Patients at increased risk were those with severe disease and taking concomitant MTX and corticosteroids.	2
Other causes of acute hepatocellular necrosis were excluded.	2
Because his supply of amphetamine-dextroamphetamine was diminishing, he took only half (30 mg every morning) of his prescribed dosage from days 4-12 of varenicline therapy.	2
A case of a 36-year-old man who presented with monomorphic ventricular tachycardia 12 years following a myocardial infarction that occurred during his last course of bleomycin-etoposide-cisplatin therapy for testicular cancer is reported.	2
Postprandial plasma glucose levels were relatively improved by lispro insulin.	2
Genotyping prior to medication may be useful in evaluating patients with a high risk of severe systemic reaction to SASP.	2
A 3-year-old boy developed alopecia areata (AA) universalis in the convalescent status of phenobarbital-induced AHS, compatible to the evidences of increased lymphocyte proliferation and increased dead cells percentages while his peripheral blood mononuclear cells were incubated with phenobarbital.	2
Alternative medicine is becoming increasingly popular, especially with terminally ill patients.	2
Chest x-ray and computed tomography revealed multiple patchy infiltrates in both cases; after several days, these confluent infiltrates developed into pneumatoceles.	2
Radiation therapy is a powerful method for the control of cancer.	2
Adenomyosis is an important cause of menorrhagia.	2
Vasopressors were required to support blood pressure for approximately five hours.	2
She responded well to Sodium valproate.	2
'Spontaneous' hypertensive episodes with monoamine oxidase inhibitors.	2
Chymopapain--past and present, future?	2
The use of clonidine alone and in combination to treat a variety of problems has increased in child and adolescent patients.	2
One patient was found to possess *5/*10; the other had a *1/*5 genotype.	2
Until more information is known about the safety of warfarin and azithromycin, caution is advised when the agents are given together.	2
Fever continued postoperatively until therapy with posaconazole was initiated.	2
Posterior circulation hyperperfusion syndrome after bilateral vertebral artery intracranial stenting.	2
All seven patients recovered without sequelae.	2
Drug induced myopia associated with treatment for gynecological problems.	2
Clinicians should be aware that myopathy can occur in patients with FMF who have normal renal and hepatic function.	2
Emergency selective coronary angiography was performed.	2
The prevention and treatment of de novo HBV infection after OLT is discussed.	2
The patient experienced a relapse in his bipolar disorder,and olanzapine was restarted at 20 to 40 mg per day.	2
RESULTS: Exposure to the vanadium containing catalyst for 120 minutes resulted in a sustained decline in forced vital capacity and forced expiratory volume in one second, while the transfer factor for carbon monoxide did not change significantly.	2
This case illustrates two points concerning preoperative chemotherapy for locally advanced breast cancer: (1) The role of FNA v. tissue biopsy is examined.	2
Clinicians should, therefore, consider AI in patients with spinal cord injury receiving glucocorticoids, a population in whom it may otherwise go undiagnosed and untreated.	2
Botulinum toxin has been used in sporadic cases and seems to produce good results.	2
Successful management of supraventricular tachycardia has been maintained in the 10 remaining patients for 15 to 36 months (average 26.4).	2
After clonidine was initiated, the patient's spasticity improved.	2
Right internal carotid artery occlusion during intravenous thrombolysis for left middle cerebral artery occlusion.	2
All patients had significant renal insufficiency.	2
After drainage of the effusion she received combination chemotherapy with CDDP and VDS.	2
Obstructive prosthetic atrioventricular valve thrombosis in a woman with congenitally corrected transposition of the great arteries during estrogen replacement therapy for pituitary dysfunction.	2
The possibility that thiocyanate level in a newborn is unreliable as indicator of sodium nitroprusside overdosage is considered.	2
Chryseobacterium indologenes is a non-fermentative Gram-negative bacillus that is a rare pathogen in humans.	2
This small series of adult patients with leukaemia illustrates difficulties in treating patients who are practising JW, yet nevertheless provides a significant argument against the prejudicial decision leading to evasion of treatment in these patients.	2
EBV-associated post-transplant lymphoproliferative disorder (PTLD) is a well-recognized complication following solid organ transplantation and hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) using bone marrow or peripheral blood as stem cell sources, but rarely reported in umbilical cord blood transplantation (UCBT).	2
It is recommended that acid-fast stains be done on "diphtheroids" when such isolates are suspected pathogens.	2
The patients received anticoagulation therapy and recovered completely.	2
In addition, the response to a corticotropin stimulation test was abnormal, an indication of suppression of the adrenal glands.	2
TMJ symptoms improved after the first bilateral intra-articular infliximab injections but even more so after the second injections.	2
OBJECTIVES: The authors examined the efficacy of highly selective CDT in late salvage of free-flaps with vascular compromise.	2
BACKGROUND: The safety of topical epinephrine (1:1000 concentration) has recently been called into question.	2
One should pay attention to the abdominal wall around the needle track in interpreting CT or MR images of patients with previous PEI.	2
Etoposide is an important component of current HLH treatment regimes.	2
To our knowledge, these movements have not been reported previously as an adverse effect of quetiapine.	2
To our knowledge, this is the first such reported thrombotic event.	2
The patient received the three agents as short infusions over four consecutive days.	2
Nine of the 11 patients with congenital hydrocephalus are currently well without any further medical or surgical intervention.	2
This demonstrates that, despite the normal coagulation profiles previously described, mothers on chronic anticonvulsant therapy may have a subclinical carboxylation defect, while their infants are at risk for hemorrhagic disease.	2
Genetic defects of sertraline demethylation and/or Pglycoprotein binding or concurrent circumstances may explain the onset of rhabdomyolysis in this particular patient.	2
Hypercalcemia in a renal transplant recipient suffering with Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia.	2
This case reinforces the importance of considering infectious complications, such as those from endemic mycoses, in patients receiving treatment with a TNF-alpha antagonist and the importance of having a well-designed monitoring plan when subjects in a research study become ill.	2
RESULTS: Vitritis occurred in 8 patients (12 episodes), 2 to 23 months postoperatively.	2
Methylphenidate and dextroamphetamine are central nervous system stimulants used in the treatment of attention deficit hyperactivity disorders in children.	2
Case failure analysis and a review of the literature.	2
An intertriginous eruption with histological features of epidermal dysmaturation and an interface dermatitis has been previously reported in the dermatopathology literature.	2
A relatively uncommon but unique and life threatening iatrogenic condition is described.	2
OBJECTIVE: The purpose of the study is to investigate the relationship between inhaled or intranasal adrenergic agonists and corticosteroids and the development of central serous chorioretinopathy (CSC).	2
Visual acuity recovered almost completely or completely (mental debilitation in one patient made accurate assessment uncertain).	2
Symptoms and laboratory findings improved after zafirlukast was removed.	2
The standard of care for treating schizophrenia is to first use monotherapy of adequate dosage and duration, including a trial of clozapine before adding a second agent.	2
Nephrotic range proteinuria gradually regressed after stoppage of local injection of IFN-beta without glucocorticoid treatment.	2
Immediate but gradual improvement followed withdrawal of amiodarone and treatment with prednisolone.	2
He had no organic disease likely to cause SIADH.	2
Intravenous bolus administration of magnesium (Mg) sulfate, followed by intramuscular Mg repletion, abolished the digitalis-toxic arrhythmia.	2
Lithium treatment of a patient with periodic catatonia.	2
Report of three patients.	2
Upbeating nystagmus resulting from anticonvulsant intoxication.	2
Neither had previous evidence of underlying cardiac disease.	2
Median survival ranges from 15 to 24 months, and it appears that the disease cannot be cured.	2
Moreover, applying the Cockcroft-Gault equation to obese patients leads to an overprediction of creatinine clearance and, when used in the Calvert equation, consequently to a carboplatin dose that is too high.	2
Semiselective intra-arterial chemotherapy with compression of the femoral arteries at the time of injection.	2
Generally, the administration of lamivudine has been well tolerated.	2
The vagina was saline-irrigated after realising that the acetic acid had not been diluted.	2
Successful treatment with dantrolene does not, however, preclude a recurrence of MH, and thus subsequent doses of dantrolene should be given.	2
We report a case of a 72-year-old female who presented with hemoptysis, cough, and dyspnea.	2
However, the clinical role of S-1 in patients with recurrent/metastatic head and neck cancer is still uncertain.	2
After treatment with aripiprazole was started, the patient was inadvertently given an inactive drug, resulting in a worsening of her hemiplegic episodes, which improved again on rechallenge.	2
I suggest that prior to giving amphotericin B to patients with resistant kala-azar their electrolyte imbalance should be corrected.	2
Allopurinol may be an effective treatment for granulomatous reactions to foreign body particles.	2
Post-allogeneic haematopoietic stem cell transplantation membranous nephropathy: clinical presentation, outcome and pathogenic aspects.	2
DESIGN: Interventional case reports.	2
Persistent segmental cutaneous anesthesia after a brown recluse spider bite.	2
Serum creatinine remained above pre-treatment values in seven patients.	2
Venlafaxine, a structurally novel antidepressant, belongs to a new generation of antidepressants--the serotonin/noradrenaline reuptake inhibitors.	2
Patients whose lesions originated in the skin were in the majority (14 patients).	2
For all patients serum calcium concentrations correlated significantly with serum lithium concentrations.	2
The goals of treatment are mainly preventative, i.e., cessation of steroids as soon as possible and protective bracing of the remaining intact Achilles tendon.	2
CONCLUSION: Sexual side effects of fluoxetine may be more variable than previously thought.	2
We describe a 25-year-old, human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)--negative man, who was started on antituberculosis treatment (ATT) with isoniazid (H), rifampicin (R), pyrazinamide (Z) and ethambutol (E) in the combination RHZE for the first two months and RH there on.	2
Iatrogenic endometrial megapolyps in women with breast carcinoma.	2
Cryptococcal infections are seen mainly in immunocompromised hosts.	2
It was not accompanied by clinical hallmarks of hypersensitivity, which is suggestive for metabolic rather than for immunoallergic idiosyncrasy.	2
This case report describes a 13-year-old male with diagnosis of autistic disorder and fetishistic behavior.	2
They cause impairment of hepatic glucose output and delay in intestinal absorption of carbohydrates.	2
The common risk factor of both of these two drug-induced ILDs is idiopathic interstitial pneumonia, but ILD in a patient with radiation fibrosis has not been previously reported.	2
Epidural spinal lipomatosis with acute onset of paraplegia in an HIV-positive patient treated with corticosteroids and protease inhibitor: case report.	2
Seizures were treated with diazepam.	2
We report an unusual case of catheter fracture as a consequence of pinchoff syndrome, and discuss the potential methods to avoid this complication and its evolution.	2
The author describes six cases in which gabapentin treatment reduced the frequency of hot flashes.	2
Of the five patients, two had a marked response in total Hb in excess of 3 g/dl, two responded modestly with an increase in total Hb of 1-2 g/dl, and one did not respond.	2
Drug induced suicidal ideation.	2
The most common complaint was headache.	2
His clinical course and laboratory studies are discussed.	2
The neurologic toxicity can vary from being mild to severe and prolonged.	2
Lorazepam 2 mg was given with significant improvement.	2
A report of retinal artery occlusion associated with mitral valve prolapse and pregnancy is presented.	2
Effectiveness of spray application of ACNU in the local control of malignant gliomas: report of two cases.	2
Cryoglobulinemic MPGN was suspected and kidney biopsy was performed, resulting in a diagnosis of minimal change disease (MCD).	2
BACKGROUND: Nocardia asteroides is an opportunistic infection caused by an aerobic actinomycete, which, in the immunocompromised host, can be associated with severe invasive disease with a predilection for the brain.	2
SASP is known to be mainly metabolized by N-acetyltransferase 2 (NAT2), and acetylation phenotypes (rapid, intermediate and slow acetylator) correlate with NAT2* genotypes.	2
Liver toxicity, although not mentioned among the possible adverse effects of corticosteroids, has been occasionally reported in literature.	2
MATERIALS AND METHODS: Between March 1997 and December 2001 at our Department of Musculoskeletal Oncology, 231 patients with peripheral osteosarcoma received a central venous catheter to allow infusion therapy and blood sampling.	2
We demonstrate linezolid's high CSF penetration and its CSF bacteriostatic activity against E. faecalis.	2
Rapid cycling in manic-depressives induced by tricyclic antidepressants.	2
He had been treated with oral cyclophosphamide for 13 years.	2
Both the clinical picture of the patient as well as laboratory, imaging and histopathological findings may help in the diagnosis.	2
Nephrotic syndrome in strongyloidiasis: remission after eradication with anthelmintic agents.	2
Mexiletine hydrochloride was useful in preventing recurrences of torsades de pointes.	2
Its potential usefulness in reversing adverse effects encountered during therapeutic dosing with beta-blockers has not been well characterized.	2
OBJECTIVE: Wernicke encephalopathy (WE) is an acute neurologic disorder characterized by a triad of ophthalmoplegia, ataxia, and mental confusion.	2
The pregnancy was terminated, and she delivered at 27 weeks' gestation.	2
After two months of therapy, repeat echocardiography showed complete resolution of the thrombus.	2
DISCUSSION: Reactions associated with arylamine sulfonamide-containing antibiotics have been commonly reported; however, cross-reactions with non-arylamine sulfonamide-containing medications have been rare.	2
The dose was subsequently increased to 200 and 400 mg/day on alternate days, six days per week, and two months later AVT occurred.	2
METHODS: We reviewed the records of two patients with a clinical diagnosis of Acanthamoeba keratitis, one with culture-proven Acanthamoeba and the other with a suspected Acanthamoeba infection.	2
Before treatment with polyacrylamide gel injection this complication should be disclosed to the patient.	2
The advent of small-incision surgery has likely reduced the incidence of this complication to low levels.	2
METHODS: Skin prick test (SPT), nasal and intramuscular challenge test with commercial salmon calcitonin (Miacalcic) were performed.	2
Topiramate is a new anticonvulsant drug recommended for treatment of partial and generalized seizures in children and adults.	2
Rhodococcus equi has emerged as an opportunistic pathogen usually causing necrotizing pneumonia in immunosuppressed patients but has been found increasingly in extrapulmonary sites.	2
We report the case of a 33-year-old man who presented with a large B-cell non Hodgkin's lymphoma presenting as acute pancreatitis.	2
When clonazepam was reduced and discontinued, these behaviors significantly decreased from 3.1% of intervals (95% confidence band = 1.6% to 4.6%) to 0.1% of intervals (95% confidence band = 0% to 0.1%).	2
Prolonged exposure to ART, specially ddl, can play a pathogenic role.	2
By the third day, the patient was having one bowel movement daily.	2
We report a patient with AIDS and intestinal microsporidiosis.	2
After more than 18 years after cessation of the drug, most tests showed a further deterioration, including best-corrected visual acuity (RE: 0.1; LE: 0.7).	2
The use of methylphenidate and imipramine in Gilles de la Tourette's disease in children.	2
This finding is explained by a 'flap-flop phenomenon' where drug absorption is the rate-limiting step of overall drug disposition.	2
Apart from dose-dependent reversible hemolytic anemia in 1 patient, no severe side effects occurred.	2
Treatment of leukemia relapse after bone marrow transplantation with interferon-alpha and interleukin 2.	2
However, supplementation with corticosteroids can lead to recurrence, and care should be taken when corticosteroids are being considered.	2
We conclude that autoimmune hemolytic anemia may be an unusual presentation for postirradiation sarcoma.	2
It is derived from 6-mercaptopurine, and these two drugs are often used interchangeably.	2
Ten hours later, the patient developed myoclonus of his upper extremities and face.	2
A year later, the patient reported complete disappearance of pain and swelling, although right breast continued to appear larger than the left.	2
Successful management of infusion reaction accompanying the start of cetuximab therapy.	2
Necrotizing fasciitis secondary to bisphosphonate-induced osteonecrosis of the jaw.	2
It is important for oncologists to recognize this complication and prevent its development if bulky metastatic disease and several pre-existing risk factors, such as multiple and bulky liver metastases, elevated lactate dehydrogenase, and hyperuricemia, are present.	2
Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia due to corticosteroids.	2
In vitro lymphocyte transformation studies confirmed cross-reactivity to one or more aromatic AEDs in 3 patients.	2
G-banding analyses of bone marrow cells had repeatedly demonstrated normal male karyotype before this event, but t(9;22)(q34;q11) was demonstrated after the event.	2
A 32-year-old woman with lazy bladder was treated with cisapride (10 mg q.i.d.) for three weeks, obtaining a progressive improvement of the symptomatology and urodynamic parameters, and the return to pretreatment conditions after drug withdrawal.	2
The drug has few side effects but some patients have developed clinical features of Cushing's syndrome.	2
Theoretically, insulin-sensitizing thiazolidinediones (TZDs) should be beneficial in this patient population.	2
Slight elevation of serum transaminases and hepatic hyperechogenicity were observed.	2
Lithium carbonate was a useful alternative to neuroleptics in managing the adolescent's disturbed behavior.	2
Nocardia exalbida brain abscess in a patient with follicular lymphoma.	2
Surgical resection, when possible, and prolonged treatment with amphotericin provide the most effective form of therapy.	2
Lithium intoxication: a report of two cases.	2
Mean duration of therapy was 5.5 yrs.	2
On admission, he presented with clinical features of chronic GVHD including transient exacerbation of cholestatic liver injury.	2
A delay in standard emergency room management led to a delay in diagnosis and treatment.	2
Serotonin syndrome.	2
The mechanism of leukopenia is thought to be secondary to either an immune-mediated response or direct bone marrow toxicity.	2
Injury of the inferior alveolar nerve after overfilling of the root canal with endodontic cement: a case report.	2
IOP control had been poor prior to the laser-treatment, and did not appear to be more following treatment.	2
Her platelet count increased to 130,000/ mm3.	2
The interaction of radiotherapy with oxaliplatin needs to be further studied.	2
The ratio of M-23 to M-1 in her serum was much lower than that of control persons (0.64 vs. 2.08).	2
The use of sodium thiosulfate seemed to be a reasonable nonspecific therapeutic approach for the management of TC in this case.	2
We report a case of pregnancy in a woman exposed to ATRA during the first trimester.	2
Histopathology revealed differentiated adult Wilms' tumour with renal angiosarcoma, whereas the pathology of the para-aortic lymph node and bone metastasis revealed angiosarcoma only.	2
The gold standard for diagnosis is renal biopsy, but it is only rarely performed during the acute phase of the reaction and is not without risk.	2
The patients concurrent medications included didanosine, hydroxyzine, promethazine, hydrocortisone, and prochlorperazine.	2
The management of this patient (aggressive surgical debridement and prolonged wound care) is reviewed as well as the review of the underlying processes.	2
When there is an alteration in the binding of the anticonvulsant drug to the plasma proteins, however, the relationship between the serum concentration and therapeutic efficacy or toxicity becomes difficult to interpret.	2
Rhabdomyolysis caused by Commiphora mukul, a natural lipid-lowering agent.	2
Although there were few cases in which psychotropic medication was effective against coprophagia, we encountered a patient with schizophrenia in whom coprophagia rapidly disappeared after treatment with perospirone, a novel atypical antipsychotic drug of the serotonin-dopamine antagonist (SDA) type.	2
The only positive finding was enlargement of the abdomen without tenderness.	2
The striking chemical abnormality was an elevation of serum glutamic oxalacetic transaminase (SGOT) [aspartate aminotransferase (AST)].	2
Growth failure is a recognised feature of Gitelman syndrome, although it is not as frequent as in Bartter syndrome.	2
A diagnosis of neuroleptic malignant syndrome was made and the patient continued to receive aggressive supportive care.	2
Characteristic muscarinic, nicotinic and central manifestations of OP poisoning appeared: atropine and 250 mg obidoxime i.v., resulted in marked improvement.	2
After 56 months, she was free of disease and treatment-related toxicities.	2
Agranulocytosis resolved 4 days following withdrawal of teicoplanin.	2
After completion of chemotherapy the patient remained in a complete remission and free of new thromboembolic events.	2
All patients received heparin for insertion, and in three patients, heparin was reversed with protamine.	2
After intravenous antibiotic treatment, the infection resolved with full restoration of visual acuity and ocular motility.	2
Percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty (PTCA) was complicated by acute coronary artery occlusion associated with ST elevation and severe chest pain in three patients.	2
Dural sinus thrombosis in children with acute lymphoblastic leukemia.	2
In the worst cases, these therapies are harmful.	2
No side effects were observed.	2
The etiologies of the osteonecrosis in our study included corticosteroid therapy, sickle cell disease and one case of idiopathic osteonecrosis.	2
A possible tumor necrosis factor-alpha-mediated dedifferentiation of adipocytes.	2
RESULTS: Routine histology confirmed the clinical diagnosis of oral lichen planus-like c-GVHD.	2
Even if the single and total dosage of antiestrogens given to the patient is sufficient to cause tamoxifen retinopathy, this diagnosis can be excluded because, in tamoxifen retinopathy unlike in the case presented here, the deposits are not distributed in all retinal layers.	2
Homozygous loss of TSC1 was identified in one PEComa.	2
Acute spontaneous TLS is rare, and it has been described in leukemia and lymphoma and in some patients with solid tumors prior to institution of therapy.	2
Its clinical manifestations include severe periarticular pain with inflammatory signs, especially in knees and ankles, causing functional disability.	2
Syndrome of inappropriate secretion of antidiuretic hormone associated with limbic encephalitis in a patient with drug-induced hypersensitivity syndrome.	2
He had been receiving dobutamine 3 mug/kg/min by intermittent i.v. infusion over four hours once weekly as an outpatient.	2
The following risk factors were determined: History of glaucoma or other ophthalmological problems, prolonged cardiopulmonary bypass-time and myocardial ischemia, general oedema during cardiopulmonary bypass, excessive hemodilution with low hemoglobin and hematocrit, hypo- or hypertension, systemic hypothermia, need for vasoactive medication.	2
Although various other cardiac events have been reported in literature, a series of patients having transient asymptomatic bradycardia has not been reported in the literature as yet.	2
One suspicious mechanism is the low content of calcium ion stabilizing proteins such as hyaluronate or fetuin in treatments for severe eye burns.	2
Because of their self-limiting nature, the importance of avoiding unnecessary and potentially deleterious antithyroid treatment is emphasised.	2
The principal types of renal disorders associated with chronic HCV infection are cryoglobulinemia or noncryoglobulinemic membranoproliferative glomerulonephritis (MPGN).	2
Prolonged echoviral meningitis in a cancer patient with normal serum immunoglobulins.	2
He required intensive treatment and support for 13 days.	2
Prosthetic valve endocarditis (PVE) caused by Pseudomonas aeruginosa is a rare but life-threatening complication.	2
Clinically, our patient showed a vasculitic-like skin rash involving both palms and soles, and histopathological examination revealed a syringotropic lymphocytic infiltrate directed toward the intra-epidermal portion of the eccrine ducts.	2
Clinical and histological findings were suggestive of pulmonary veno-occlusive disease.	2
Administration of an angiotensin II receptor antagonist (ARB) during the second trimester of pregnancy is known to cause irreversible renal damage in the fetus.	2
Urologists should bear in mind this clinical entity, particularly when DMSO is administered to patients with multiple drug allergies.	2
Malignancy, infection and cardiomyopathy were excluded as causes of dyspnoea.	2
The role played by repeated drug prescriptions from general practitioners without appropriate clinical and laboratory controls, and that of our patient's depression are discussed.	2
No relapse of pneumonia was observed after a 4-month follow-up.	2
He was kept for observation, recovered well, and was discharged with prescriptions for prednisone and diphenhydramine hydrochloride.	2
This occurred consecutively after the administration of chemotherapy, during the ensuing period of myelosuppression.	2
Considering that this article provides findings from a single patient, the authors use this experience to discuss and emphasize the importance of clinical control of barbiturates in psychiatry.	2
We present a unique case of a patient, without any prior history of a movement disorder, who developed tics following a single dose of atomoxetine that did not improve until interventional therapy was initiated.	2
We present a case of interstitial pneumonitis and diffuse alveolar hemorrhage, which represents the second such case reported in the literature.	2
The patient was urged to discontinue her use of deodorants.	2
Topical capsaicin cream has been a beneficial adjuvant medication in the treatment of some painful conditions.	2
To the authors' knowledge, there is a paucity of published accounts of management of radiation-induced optic neuropathy (RION) by optic nerve sheath fenestration (ONSF) in the conventional medical literature.	2
Better appetite was subjectively noted by 81% of patients.	2
The patient had on the medial aspect of the thigh a fixed solitary, recurrent, indurated, erythematous plaque, which resolved within 2 days.	2
Suddenly, the infant presented inconsolable crying, and then she appeared pale, hypothermic, and irritable.	2
Normal endometrial cells in the Pap smear test were the only signs associated with this cancer.	2
However, medications containing PPA still can be found in many homes of those unaware of the voluntary recall.	2
The depressive symptoms were evaluated using the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression.	2
A possible explanation of these data is that erythropoietin permitted the termination of blood transfusions which both triggered and perpetuated the syndrome.	2
We report a case of a recurrent Listeria monocytogenes bacteraemia in a 46 year-old liver transplant patient.	2
Lower plasma levels of carbamazepine and valproate sodium were observed after 2 days of antineoplastic therapy.	2
The contribution of aging, hypothyroidism and stroke to the etiology of this woman's disorder is discussed.	2
Coronary angiography showed dissection of the left anterior descending artery (LAD).	2
To optimize future management of this problem we studied 2 poorly recognized factors in the pathogenesis and prognosis of genitourinary malacoplakia in transplant recipients: 1) the probable role of azathioprine as the specific immunosuppressive agent responsible for the pathogenesis of malacoplakia, and 2) the importance of the localization of the disease and its impact on the ultimate prognosis.	2
Key Words: renal failure, proteinuria, angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor, ACEI, angiotensin II receptor blocker, ARB.	2
We present a report of MRI and proton MR spectroscopy (MRS) findings in an adolescent patient with Down syndrome and Crohn disease treated with metronidazole.	2
Intravitreal antivascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) drugs are presently being used to treat DME.	2
METHODS: We describe a patient with MG and a steroid-induced major depressive episode with psychotic features treated with ECT.	2
The mass had secured an additional vascular supply from the transverse colon and omentum.	2
There are no generally accepted therapeutic regimens for the treatment of fungal peritonitis in patients with continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis (CAPD).	2
After first and second line chemotherapy we started third line chemotherapy consisting of calcium folinate (1,000 mg) and 5-FU (4,000 mg) mixed together in a total volume of 240 ml in an ambulatory pump and administered over a period of 24 h.	2
We report on a case of secondary myelodysplasia with basophilia.	2
Clinical, histological, direct immunofluorescence and ultrastructural features were consistent with the diagnosis of lichen planus pemphigoides.	2
Cholesterol microembolization as a sequela of oral anticoagulant therapy has been reported to cause infarction of virtually any organ, often resulting in death.	2
Probabilistic analysis of decision trees using symbolic algebra.	2
The patient was then dialyzed for presumed acyclovir toxicity.	2
There was no clinical evidence of immunosuppression or any obstructive lesion in the esophagus.	2
From September 5 to November 4, 1991, four consecutive patients placed on centrifugal ventricular assist devices (VADs) for cardiac failure were supported with Biomedicus pumps coated with the Carmeda bioactive surface.	2
We present the course of illness of a 56 year-old patient with acute gastrointestinal bleeding after penetration of an aneurysm of the hepatic artery in the duodenal bulb.	2
Heparin was replaced by argatroban on the 13th day.	2
It is generally accepted that corticosteroid therapy may increase weight.	2
All 3 marrow specimens demonstrated moderate to marked diffuse reticulin fibrosis with more than 20% blasts.	2
The patient was given combined antibiotics and the abscess drained surgically.	2
Routine intraoperative culture of the hip site grew Brucella sp.	2
Diagnosis of HUS was confirmed histologically in 13 patients and based on clinical findings in the other 15.	2
Administration of infliximab and adalimumab gave excellent clinical response but was discontinued due to adverse events.	2
Preventive medications reduce migraine frequency and severity, and improve migraine-specific quality of life.	2
Most breaches are not considered harmful.	2
A preliminary study of a combination of pentoxifylline (PTX) and tocopherol (vit-E) has shown clinical activity with 50% superficial RIF regression at 6 months in half of the patients studied.	2
Coenurosis is a zoonotic disease of humans caused by the larval stage of Taenia (Multiceps) species.	2
Orthodontic treatment of patients using bisphosphonates: a report of 2 cases.	2
MR detected brain abnormalities in four patients, three of whom had concomitant neurologic dysfunction.	2
Pregabalin is one of the newer drugs approved for the treatment of focal epilepsies.	2
Five percent solution of ethanolamine oleate(EO) has been used as sclerosing agent.	2
The last injection was immediately followed by an atrio-ventricular tachycardia with massive decrease in blood pressure.	2
This patient was using industrial strength glue to reattach a chipped tooth for approximately 1 year, and such use was associated with chronic exposure of his oral mucosa to this glue.	2
Hypoglycaemia did not recur despite continued treatment.	2
We present the case of a 67-year-old depressed woman who began treatment with citalopram.	2
DESIGN AND METHODS: A specimen of resected TSHoma tissue from our case was immunohistochemically examined for expression of somatostatin receptor 2A (SSTR2A) and PPAR gamma.	2
Multiple hepatic tumors and peliosis hepatis in Fanconi's anemia treated with androgens.	2
This observation suggests that transient suppression of both cellular and humoral immunity may trigger viral reactivation, which leads to the development of the second phase of DIHS.	2
Carboplatin was substituted for cisplatin, and there were no further episodes of SIADH.	2
METHODS: We present the clinical and laboratory findings and describe the clinical course of our patient.	2
On examination, rigors, shallow inspirations, and chills were noted.	2
We encountered four patients who developed Acanthamoeba keratitis while wearing contact lenses that had been stored in homemade saline.	2
METHODS: We examined trends in Accutane use by reproductive-aged women.	2
It is also known that fibric acid derivatives (fibrates) have several beneficial actions in addition to their lipid-lowering capacity.	2
She was found to have hyperventilation and weakness of four limbs, with muscle power of grade 5(-)/5.	2
The case also emphasizes the importance of T-cells in transplant associated immune cytopenias.	2
Lamotrigine clearance increases throughout pregnancy, and maternal dose increases are often necessary to maintain therapeutic effect.	2
Ultrasound study revealed enlarged kidneys with increased echogenity and loss of corticomedullary differentiation.	2
To avoid menstruation by the female patient just in the critical stage, we modified her menstruation cycle by testosterone.	2
Urethral syndrome: response to alpha-adrenergic blocking agents.	2
A patient with a primary malignant brain tumor on chronic corticosteroids presented with a clinical picture of cord compression and was diagnosed with SEDL.	2
A 1-month-old infant suffered cardiac arrest shortly after presentation to the emergency department.	2
Our findings may contribute to the understanding of leprosy reactions pathogenesis, broaden the knowledge about their outcome with standard treatment, and provide the scientific background to design better therapeutic strategies for these complications.	2
She was diagnosed as TOS by digital subtraction angiography.	2
The patient responded to atovaquone plus proguanil followed by primaquine.	2
Further work to define doses, schedules, and optimal drug is needed since this approach to steroid use appears effective and relatively nontoxic.	2
In addition to treating the otorrhea with ear drops, one physician would add oral antibiotics (Dr.	2
We present a series of 9 MM patients who developed ONJ after treatment with bisphosphonates and chemotherapy.	2
This patient's experience stresses the need to consider beta-blockers as a potentially reversible cause of memory impairment.	2
Methylprednisolone pulse therapy was very effective for the treatment of the HPS.	2
This unusual cutaneous sign may be the first sign of methotrexate toxicity.	2
The pathogenesis appears to be multifactorial but involves rapidly rising vasoconstrictor tone in renal and systemic vascular beds.	2
Valproate remains the medication of choice for the treatment of petit mal status.	2
In two cases acute renal failure also occurred.	2
OBJECTIVES: To report a safe and reliable method for evaluating catheter dysfunction.	2
It is of interest that all of his teeth were extremely large and subsequently showed severe crowding in the dental arches.	2
A syndrome of microangiopathic hemolytic anemia, renal impairment, and pulmonary edema in chemotherapy-treated patients with adenocarcinoma.	2
A medical-legal review regarding the standard of care for epidural injections, with particular reference to a closed case.	2
There were significant correlations between a change in Scr on the one hand and changes in BW and UV, Scr and serum albumin on the other.	2
Further investigation excluded malignancy.	2
These data further suggest that degradation by the ubiquitin-proteosome-mediated system plays a role in the elimination of the DPD protein.	2
Because steroid-containing regimen may cause reactivation of hepatitis B virus (HBV) and hepatitis may progress to be fulminant after its withdrawal, we administered CHO (CPA, DOX and VCR) therapy and the patient obtained complete response.	2
Loiasis, caused by the filarial parasite Loa loa, is endemic in West and Central Africa.	2
The first FAB infusion (320 mg) was started 11 h after drug ingestion.	2
Patient 2 is a 53-year-old man who underwent fibular osteocutaneous free-flap reconstruction of a floor of mouth defect who developed venous thrombosis 6 days postoperatively.	2
This report suggests that patients taking bone metabolism regulators may not be able to respond appropriately to hypocalcemic stressors.	2
Bronchiolitis obliterans organizing pneumonia (BOOP) is a clinicopathologic syndrome with characteristic features.	2
One of the patients had had earlier exposure to typical antipsychotic drugs, but no other predisposing factors for TD were noted.	2
Biopsied muscle pathology indicated the presence of neurogenic muscular atrophy in combination with corticosteroid myopathy.	2
A further two cases of ocular hypertension secondary to topical facial steroids are also described.	2
He had a low-level PVB19 load for a 5-mo follow-up period without recurrence of PRCA, and finally the virus was cleared.	2
We report a 40-year-old man who presented with acute onset of hemophagocytic syndrome (HPS) after allogeneic bone marrow transplantation (alloBMT) for acute myelogenous leukemia.	2
Four cases suggesting that a reduction in the daily dose or withdrawal of an antidepressant may produce symptoms of major depression within hours to days are presented.	2
Reactivation of tuberculosis is a complication of its use.	2
BACKGROUND: Chronic myeloid leukemia (CML) is a myeloproliferative disorder primarily characterized by the presence of the Philadelphia chromosome resulting from a reciprocal translocation between the long arms of chromosomes 9 and 22.	2
A case of pheochromocytoma with renal artery stenosis and post-surgical watery diarrhea.	2
The dermatomes below the Th9 lost all somatic sensation on the left side after the nerve blocks, but the patient was not completely relieved from the pain.	2
Mostly, reactivation occurs during first 3 months after transplant, especially when risk factors are present.	2
Hypoglycaemic brittle diabetes successfully managed by social worker intervention.	2
CONCLUSION: Celiac disease must be ruled out in patients with malabsorption complaints in or after interferon (or pegylated interferon) therapy.	2
She had received cumulative doses of cyclophosphamide 6000 mg, doxorubicin 420 mg, and vincristine 12 mg.	2
Withdrawal syndromes, delirium tremens in particular, are known to cause delirium.	2
On day 3 he was admitted and his electrocardiogram demonstrated sinus arrest with junctional escape rhythm with a rate of 42 min(-1).	2
Intra-arterial therapy has the theoretical advantage of establishing a neurovascular diagnosis and high symptomatic artery patency rate but the disadvantage of requiring extra time and technical expertise.	2
Thereafter, sixteen cycles of immunoglobulin treatment (400 mg/kg) along with corticosteroids were instituted and led to an improvement in subjective symptoms with decreases in level of CPK and LDH.	2
Ophthalmologists should undertake the above treatment in consultation with a pediatric endocrinologist.	2
Treatment with amiodarone was continued; however, therapy with L-thyroxin was initiated, followed by a complete regression of the goiter.	2
Operative mortality was 64% in the prosthetic mitral thrombosis and 20% in the aortic one.	2
At this writing, few cases of nondurally based intradural meningioma have been reported.	2
Torsades de pointes were preceded and associated with marked QT prolongation and bradycardia.	2
Imatinib has remarkably improved the prognosis of patients with CML.	2
The patient's condition improved after halothane was administered; treatment with this inhalational anaesthetic lasted 7 h, and the beneficial effect was obtained by employing concentrations between 0.5 and 2%.	2
CONCLUSION: The hemolytic-uremic syndrome may be a rare complication of oxaliplatin-based chemotherapy.	2
Disopyramide (Norpace) is a recently released antiarrhythmic agent with quinidine-like actions, but structurally unique.	2
The clinical course as well as the biochemical pattern and the investigation of liver biopsy specimens enabled us to establish the diagnoses of drug-induced canalicular and hepatocanalicular cholestasis.	2
Reports on such manifestations in relation to hepatitis B vaccination are scarce, however.	2
Secondary spontaneous pneumothorax (SSP) is a rare complication of chemotherapy for pulmonary metastases and to the best of our knowledge, only 28 cases have been described, most of which occurred in patients with osteosarcoma or germ cell tumors.	2
In studies addressing this issue, there appears to be no real problem with increased severe episodes of hypoglycemia in patients on beta-blockers or increased hypoglycemic unawareness.	2
All patients had symptomatic hypocalcaemia, including a tonic-clonic seizure and tachyarrhythmia in one case.	2
PURPOSE: To describe retinal pigment epithelial tear following photodynamic therapy (PDT) for subfoveal choroidal neovascularization (CNV) secondary to age-related macular degeneration (AMD).	2
As judged from the clinical course of this major surgery, recombinant FVIIa appears to be highly efficacious and safe and should be used as first line treatment in high titre inhibitor patients with cross-reactivity to porcine factor VIII, undergoing surgery.	2
We note that ITB withdrawal is similar to serotonergic syndromes, such as in overdoses of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors or the popular drug of abuse 3,4-methylenedioxymethamphetamine (Ecstasy).	2
Ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome (OHS) is one of the potential complications associated with the use of human menopausal gonadotropin therapy.	2
After corticosteroid withdrawal, a tuberculin skin test became strongly positive and pericardial effusion was considered to be of tubercular origin.	2
There is currently no consensus on the best treatment for unresectable hyaline-vascular variant or for multicentric Castleman's disease (MCD), because none of the reported regimens have consistently produced complete response or durable remission in the majority of patients In the present study, we report on the use of 2-CdA (2-chloro-deoxyadenosine) in three patients, two of them with MCD and one with unresectable hyaline-vascular type disease.	2
Successful intervention is seldom reported.	2
Thus in spite of the failure to demonstrate a platelet autoantibody, the rapid response to steroids in association with a reduced platelet survival is compatible with an autoimmune platelet destructive process.	2
Ten weeks later, severe congestive heart failure developed which ultimately caused the patient's death.	2
We present a retrospective analysis of 4 HSCT recipients who survived long-term artificial respiration subsequent to pulmonary mycosis, and compare our current findings with historic data.	2
TREATMENT: Emergency surgery is the treatment for this condition, but conditions such as the acute stage of a myocardial infarction or intraoperative bleeding difficulties due to iatrogenic coagulopathy, the degree of preoperative neurologic deficit, and the timing of surgery must be cautiously considered.	2
Anaphylactic/anaphylactoid reactions to methotrexate are rare.	2
Foreign body granuloma of activated charcoal.	2
Her medical history was remarkable for long-term opiold dependence associated with the treatment of multi-Joint degenerative osteoarthritis.	2
Hormone therapy in men and risk of cardiac allograft rejection.	2
Periodic alternating nystagmus in phenytoin intoxication.	2
As ototoxicity appears to be most pronounced in the higher frequencies of sound, any changes can be assessed at an earlier stage by using high-frequency audiometry to test patients at frequencies from 8 to 20 kHz.	2
Tailored therapy of adult acute leukaemia in Jehovah's Witnesses: unjustified reluctance to treat.	2
A 68-year-old female with mild diabetes mellitus was admitted because of acute liver dysfunction due to autoimmune hepatitis.	2
TD was relatively mild, with a mean score of 4.75, and tended to accentuate with an activation procedure of rapid pronation and supination of the hands.	2
Pacemaker related endocarditis is a rare potentially fatal condition, most commonly acquired during manipulation of the pacemaker system.	2
Our case presents some of the challenges involved with managing ocular toxicity of these cardiac drugs.	2
Unlike other macrolide antibiotics, it is not hepatically metabolized and did not produce an interaction with warfarin in a single-dose study.	2
Infection with Mycobacterium genavense in a patient with systemic lupus erythematosus.	2
Glycerol and urokinase produced rapid resolution of the symptoms and warfarin prevented further recurrence of pseudotumor cerebri for one year.	2
Only one death has been recorded in the responding group.	2
METHODS: We report a patient with symptoms of small bowel obstruction whose diagnosis was confirmed by previous operation owing to a well-known pathology due to an unusual reason, perforation, which was masqueraded by therapeutic drugs.	2
A 45-year-old man presented with deep vein thrombosis of the right leg and bilateral pulmonary embolism.	2
RESULTS: A 69-year-old Saudi man underwent penetrating keratoplasty with donor tissue that was culture-positive for Candida glabrata.	2
AML/MDS occurred in 3/1374 CLL patients seen at a single institution between 1972 and 1992.	2
Repeat PTCA was performed 10 days postdischarge due to intraluminal stent occlusion.	2
It was confirmed that these dermatitis reactions were due to contact and/or photocontact allergy to psoralens by several methods that include patch and photopatch tests, photopatch test mapping, determination of the minimal erythema dose (MED) and immunohistochemistry.	2
Faultless aseptic technique is essential when administering hyaluronate viscosupplementation.	2
Concomitant aspiration of gastric acid was thought to be the explanation for the severity of these cases.	2
Psoriatic arthritis is an inflammatory arthritis associated with psoriasis.	2
Common causes of residual limb pain and the pharmacology of capsaicin cream are discussed.	2
Naltrexone: report of lack of hepatotoxicity in acute viral hepatitis, with a review of the literature.	2
His seizures were controlled by 150mg/day of phenytoin in combination with primidone.	2
In 1984 alanine aminotransferase presented abnormal levels.	2
Coagulase-positive Staphylococcus aureus was cultured in the aspirate.	2
CASE SUMMARIES: Three severely agitated patients in ICU did not respond to conventional therapy with opiates, benzodiazepines, and intermittent intravenous doses of haloperidol.	2
The patient was then treated with IL-2 1.8 x 10(6) U/m2 for 5 days per week and 2.5 MU/m2 IFN-alpha three times per week.	2
A large number of eosinophils in AIA polyps were found before steroid treatment and at recurrence, and they were predominantly composed of activated eosinophils (EG2-positive).	2
Five weeks later, the patient underwent arthroscopic evaluation of the shoulder and subacromial decompression.	2
Venography demonstrated a large atrial thrombus in the superior vena cava and right atrium.	2
In one patient, disease was confined to the colon, while three patients had disease involving the terminal ileum and colon.	2
As patients survive longer, long-term therapy-related complications take on greater importance.	2
These findings were consistent with the posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome.	2
Although a causative association between trastuzumab and this patient's pulmonary syndrome was not proven, the potential for this toxicity should be considered.	2
Similar symptoms developed after each challenge and resolved after discontinuing this preparation.	2
Unfortunately, neuroleptic sensitivity in these patients limits effective pharmacological management of these symptoms.	2
Impetigo herpetiformis is a rare non-infectious pustular dermatosis of pregnancy.	2
Apart from direct invasion into nearly every organ in systemic infection, evidence suggests that immunological reaction also plays a role in the pathogenesis of the disease, including both uncomplicated and disseminated infections.	2
This case documents the first report in the otolaryngology literature describing this new etiology for nasal septal perforations.	2
A middle-aged architect, suffering from familial, idiopathic, levodopa-responsive restless legs syndrome (RLS) progressively abused levodopa for 10 years, to the point of taking 20 tablets/day (4000 mg/day) for 6 months.	2
At operation a subarachnoid and a subdural haematoma were found, extending between the levels of the vertebrae T3 and L2.	2
Detailed investigations first revealed a low renin level without hypokalemia.	2
A repeat provocation test, under antihistaminic cover , failed to produce similar response.	2
Since an interaction between fluvoxamine and tizanidine, prescribed by another clinic, was suspected, fluvoxamine was replaced with milnacipran 50 mg day(-1).	2
The clinical improvement and decreasing in muscle enzyme level occurred after colchicine withdrawal.	2
Symptoms mimicking Crohn's disease deteriorated under intensified immunosuppression and surgery.	2
Numerous oral complications have been documented as a consequence of chemotherapy for the treatment of cancer.	2
Their charts were evaluated in depth, and the literature was reviewed in regard to possible etiopathologic mechanisms.	2
Normeperidine is eliminated by the kidneys and accumulates in patients with renal insufficiency, sickle cell disease, and cancer.	2
DESIGN: Interventional case report.	2
Serial physiologic and echocardiographic parameters were followed.	2
An unusual complication of immunosuppression in myasthenia gravis: progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy.	2
Renal artery rupture secondary to pretransplantation Candida contamination of the graft in two different recipients.	2
The process is classified as a nonvasculitic pustular bacterid, and as a prototype for antigen localization of lesions to the occluded epidermal sweat duct unit.	2
CONCLUSION: This interference has significant clinical implications, and can be avoided on urine testing using a specific chromatographic assay such as high-performance liquid chromatography.	2
The infiltrates did not affect the refractive outcome of the surgery.	2
The effect of pergolide on nocturia was independent of improvement of parkinsonian symptoms, suggesting a distinct mechanism from that of anti-parkinsonian effects.	2
The median survival was 17 months in patients who had received no prior treatment, and 5 months in those who had received prior chemotherapy.	2
BACKGROUND: Mycophenolate mofetil (MMF) is a potent, safe immunosuppressive agent for rescue therapy of acute and chronic rejection in orthotopic liver transplant recipients.	2
By contrast, PDCs were present at very low levels in atopic dermatitis and not detected in normal human skin.	2
A review of the relevant literature follows the case reports.	2
Eight days after the end of interferon treatment, he showed signs of inability to sit still for ten seconds and walked around constantly.	2
Three of the five patients had undergone endoscopy.	2
This was felt to be primarily induced by doxorubicin.	2
CASE SUMMARY: A 59-year-old man was diagnosed with squamous-cell carcinoma of the lung in T4N2M0 stage and treated with cisplatin, vinorelbine, and gemcitabine.	2
Ultimately, this may possibly predispose a patient to increased dermatologic reactions, including TEN.	2
It is characterized as a long-acting prostacyclin analog that can be delivered by intravenous or subcutaneous continuous infusions.	2
A case report and review of the literature.	2
No other common disease known to affect mitral valves nor intake of other drugs (ergot derivatives or appetite suppressant drugs) was found.	2
This combination was shown to be synergistic.	2
Our cases of monophasic, multiphasic and recurrent DEM, invoking possible causative triggers, point to the conclusion that DEM has to be regarded as a separate disease; its similarities with NMO raise the expectations that other specific autoantibodies will be identified to explain DEM and its variations.	2
Dissolution of pancreatic stones by oral trimethadione in patients with chronic calcific pancreatitis.	2
The diagnosis of acute myocarditis with an eosinophilic infiltrate was established as the cause of death.	2
After 15 months of unsuccessful diagnosis and management, the patient was seen at the Orofacial Pain Unit of the Oral Surgery and Implantology master's degree program of the University of Barcelona.	2
Infections after tooth extraction and fracture of the sclerotic bone following mild trauma are serious complications, as these ordinarily common problems are very difficult to treat in such patients.	2
Vincristine levels were also assayed and showed a dramatic decline in postexchange levels in the 2 patients who survived and an almost unchanged value in the patient who succumbed.	2
A maintenance dosage of only 100 mg/day has resulted in significant improvement of depression and panic attacks, with discontinuation of psychotropic medication.	2
We report the case of an adult patient affected by acute syncytial giant cell hepatitis which had a subfulminant course leading to liver transplantation.	2
It is generally hypothesized to be due to a point mutation in the androgen receptor that allows the antiandrogen to function as an agonist, leading to a dramatic and rapid PSA response.	2
Irinotecan is metabolized by carboxylesterase to form an active SN-38, which is further conjugated and detoxified by UDP-glucuronosyltransferase (UGT) to yield its beta-glucuronide.	2
Total lithotomy time was four hours.	2
An urgent EEG is essential to confirm the diagnosis.	2
The evaluation, causes, and differential diagnosis of alopecia in a black woman are discussed.	2
The presence of inappropriate sexual behaviors in individuals with autistic disorder is one of the important factors disturbing their social adaptation and distressing their families and environment.	2
Nasopharyngeal carcinoma is a rare cancer in Western society, however there is a higher incidence in Asian.	2
Is pseudo-Cushing's syndrome in a critically ill patient "pseudo"? Hypothesis and supportive case report.	2
Amifostine, also known as WR-2721 (S-2-(3-aminopropylamino)-ethylphosphorothioic acid), is an organic thiophosphate cytoprotective agent used to reduce the frequency of severe xerostomia in patients with cancer undergoing postoperative radiation of the head and neck.	2
BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: The occurrence of concomitant intracranial pathology in a patient with postdural puncture headache (PDPH) is rare.	2
A general physical examination revealed a boy with stable vital signs and without fever.	2
Range orders for the delivery of IV opioids give nurses the flexibility needed to treat patients' pain in a timely manner while allowing for differences in patient response to pain and to analgesia.	2
A 21-year-old woman presented with a 1-month history of whitish bubbling of the palms after brief exposure to water.	2
A 5-year-old girl was diagnosed preB cell Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia (ALL).	2
CASE: In reviewing the literature of intraperitoneal catheter complications, there is no other cited case of a peritoneal catheter erosion into intestine presenting as an enterovaginal fistula.	2
Vancomycin was changed to teicoplanin and the agranulocytosis resolved 4 days later.	2
4-en-VPA (2-propyl-4-pentenoic acid) (5%-21% in plasma) and 4,4'-dien-VPA (2(2-propenyl)-4-pentenoic acid) (4%-7%) have been found as abnormal unsaturated metabolites not detectable in controls.	2
Early ICP was elevated, >50 mm Hg, and continuous EEG monitoring showed isoelectric readings.	2
Hepatic infarction caused by an embolus from an atherosclerotic lesion--a case report.	2
All evidence suggests this was an idiosyncratic response to either hepatitis A or yellow fever vaccination.	2
Pre-diabetic immune markers were repeatedly negative, and no diabetes has developed after four years of follow-up.	2
Infections demonstrated RE blockade and failure of TSAT to reach target range.	2
After operation they developed arterial hypotension that failed to respond to epinephrine (adrenaline) or dobutamine treatment.	2
Preoperative diagnoses were multiple graft failures, chemical burn, Stevens-Johnson syndrome, or ocular cicatricial pemphigoid.	2
Interstitial granulomatous dermatitis is most commonly associated with rheumatoid arthritis (RA) but may be induced by medications as well.	2
The traditional treatment for melanoma recurrences on an extremity has been surgical excision or less often amputation.	2
Subsequent progression of cataract required cataract extraction, which resulted in a very rapid progression of the exudative macular degeneration and loss of vision.	2
Postoperative assessment of intraocular pressure is essential in patients presenting with flap inflammation.	2
CONCLUSIONS: The findings are expected with age-related macular degeneration with crystalline drusen, but also with CAR.	2
Relationship of eye burns with calcifications of the cornea?	2
All patients developed esophageal varices, 5 patients presented at least one bleeding episode and 2 required TIPS.	2
Patients with large pelvic tumor loads are, according to existing classifications, at high risk to die and to develop drug resistance.	2
Postmortem examination revealed white matter vacuolation in the brain stem tegmentum and cerebellar hemispheres similar to that seen in toxicity from hexachlorophene, to which our patient was not exposed.	2
The encouraging result obtained warrants the use of this combined treatment modality in other patients.	2
None of the patients treated with acyclovir had evidence of active varicella-zoster virus infection at post-mortem examination, but two had disseminated bacterial and fungal infections.	2
These cases illustrate that the assumption that this drugs is without significant adverse effects may be unwarranted, especially for children and adolescents with chronic diseases.	2
Most primary HC infections are subclinical or self-limited.	2
Pneumatosis intestinalis associated with immune-suppressive agents in a case of minimal change disease.	2
Clinical presentation in each case included generalized malaise with fever, signs of meningeal inflammation and focal neurological signs at the spinal level.	2
BACKGROUND: Most of the new fillers used for soft tissue augmentation in aesthetic dermatology are considered well tolerated, but very little data are available on their long-term tolerability, especially in patients receiving immunomodulatory therapy.	2
However, it failed in 1 case requiring transabdominal transperitoneal closure of the fistula with an interposition of omentum.	2
Naloxone administration reversed the symptoms.	2
Multicenter randomized study of two once daily regimens in the initial management of community-acquired respiratory tract infections in 163 children: azithromycin versus ceftibuten.	2
Initially, this reaction was thought to be a result of a drug allergy, but upon further review, we determined that it was JHR.	2
Human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) p24 antigen was detected at the beginning of 5 of the 6 treatment courses.	2
A low initial dosage that is gradually adjusted upward is recommended.	2
CT scan of the abdomen disclosed a huge abscess in the right lobe of the liver.	2
Caudal epidural blood patch for treating intractable vomiting in a child after placement of a permanent intrathecal catheter.	2
DISCUSSION: beta-Lactam-induced leukopenia is a rare but well-described adverse drug reaction.	2
She was admitted to the hospital and later experienced monomorphic ventricular tachycardia, which resolved spontaneously.	2
Experience with continuous haloperidol infusions is growing, and it appears to be an effective method for control of severe agitation or delirium.	2
The patient developed flares of vasculitis symptoms associated with rises in either type of ANCA.	2
The ROTEM analysis strongly suggested the presence of either a heparin effect or severe deficiency of coagulation factors.	2
Culture of a CT guided needle aspiration revealed Francisella tularensis.	2
The case report illustrates the need for flexible individualized dosage schedules, similar to other neuroleptics.	2
The presentation PTLD is diverse, including many patients with symptoms of the head and neck, which may make diagnosis difficult.	2
MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: A 37-yr-old female with recently diagnosed acute myelogenous leukemia was admitted to the ICU with mental status changes and progressive dyspnea requiring intubation and mechanical ventilation.	2
All isolates were believed to be clinically significant.	2
Nosocomial malaria and saline flush.	2
His symptoms of amnesia resolved approximately 6-7 hours after discontinuing the propafenone therapy.	2
The patient experienced two episodes of angioedema within a 10-hour period.	2
These agents have potent cytotoxic and immunomodulatory effects and are useful in the treatment of a variety of conditions, including inflammatory bowel disease.	2
PARTICIPANTS: Four patients (3 with spinal cord injury, 1 with cerebral palsy) with implanted ITB infusion pumps for treatment of severe spasticity, who had ITB withdrawal syndrome because of interruption of ITB infusion.	2
The diagnosis can be accurately made with axial computed tomography (CT) of the involved spinal segment.	2
Rhabdomyolysis developed with acute renal failure from the probable interaction between these drugs.	2
At time of writing, there was no evidence of any increase in CK, myoglobin, or other markers of rhabdomyolysis.	2
Herpes simplex esophagitis is a rare disease occurring mostly in immunocompromised and cancer patients.	2
Premortem serum and postmortem tissue aluminum levels were markedly elevated.	2
CONCLUSION: In patients presenting with pelvic masses and a history of IUD placement, actinomycotic infection should be considered and diagnosis attempted by imaging guided needle biopsy.	2
We discuss the possible causes of stroke.	2
Despite treatment with corticosteroids, she had rapid deterioration and died of respiratory failure.	2
Serum samples from the first and second days contained 3.6 and 1.9 mg/l carbachol, respectively.	2
INFVA was screened in NPA and/or bronchoalveolar lavage using IF in all BMT recipients having respiratory symptoms.	2
We discuss about the hypothesis that GHD may be related to chemotherapy and we report a review of previous published cases.	2
Transaminases promptly returned to normal after withdrawal of the laxative.	2
We present a case of progressive disseminated aspergillosis that involved multiple sites in a bone marrow transplant recipient with severe, chronic graft-versus-host disease.	2
CASE: Because of menorrhagia, the patient had begun an oral contraceptive pill (OCP) 1(1/2) months prior to presentation.	2
A 71-year-old man presented with herpes zoster ophthalmicus and ocular involvement.	2
A helicoidal CT scan showed diffuse and severe interstitial pneumonitis, and lung biopsy confirmed accelerated usual interstitial pneumonia consistent with drug-induced toxicity.	2
This case illustrates the potential diversity of clinical lesions in a single patient with NEH, and its response to systemically administered corticosteroids.	2
The patient remains free of both leukemia and fungal disease more than 4 years after transplant.	2
No major safety issues were observed during the study.	2
The patient's platelet count dropped rapidly to a level of 1000/mm3 after receiving a single 600 mg dose of rifampin.	2
A 6-year-old boy received renal transplantation and was treated with methylprednisolone, cyclosporine A and mizoribine.	2
Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) was suspected as a possible etiologic or modifying cofactor in TEN in this case.	2
We report the use of granulocyte colony-stimulating factor (G-CSF) in a renal transplant recipient in whom neutropenia developed following a presumed viral infection.	2
Chemotherapy-related hemolytic-uremic syndrome after the treatment of head and neck cancer.	2
The patient suffered from progressive anemia with the lowest hemoglobin level of 21 g/L.	2
Tolazoline induces a dilatation of the pulmonary vascular system by stimulating H2 receptors.	2
Psycho-pharmacotherapy for anxiety and obsessive-compulsive disorder: the issue of prolonged barbiturate retention.	2
Auto-intoxication with flecainide and quinapril: ECG-changes, symptoms and treatment.	2
Clinical activity of mTOR inhibition with sirolimus in malignant perivascular epithelioid cell tumors: targeting the pathogenic activation of mTORC1 in tumors.	2
Prevalence of antiprotamine immunoglobulin E antibody.	2
After surgical resection and extrabeam radiation therapy the patient is alive without evidence of recurrence five years after PEI.	2
The patient had been free of interstitial pneumonitis for 14 months, but died of pneumothorax.	2
After removing the methotrexate, administering intramuscular iron and undertaking a gluten-free diet, the histological and analytical alterations progressively resolved.	2
RESULTS: Delay in clinical recognition and treatment in our first case resulted in death due to multiorgan failure (MOF).	2
Over the next several months, she continued to require supplemental calcium, magnesium, potassium, and phosphorus.	2
Combined therapy of advanced prostatic carcinoma with estramustine and prednimustine.	2
Use of high-dose intravenous immunoglobulin in systemic lupus erythematosus: report of three cases.	2
A coronary arteriogram five hours after the onset of symptoms revealed total occlusion of the left anterior descending coronary artery.	2
However, the procedure was associated with a high incidence of cytomegalovirus (CMV) reactivation.	2
In both our cases, such a regimen did not prevent the occurrence of endometrial polyps which, although histologically benign, were usually large and thought clinically to be malignant.	2
She developed gastrointestinal, central nervous system, cardiovascular and haematological disturbances.	2
Adenosine is used as pharmacological treatment of the first choice for the termination of regular small complex tachycardia.	2
In this communication, six such melanoma cases are reported.	2
Neuroleptic malignant syndrome and severe thrombocytopenia: case report and literature review.	2
RESULTS: Two patients were obese and developed extensive abdominal wall skin necrosis.	2
Recurrent spontaneous intracerebral hemorrhage in a congenitally afibrinogenemic patient: diagnostic pitfalls and therapeutic options.	2
We report a new case of mitral valve endocarditis after stent implantation to a saphenous vein graft.	2
Clinical improvement followed and the wound healed well.	2
All-trans retinoic acid has revolutionized the treatment of acute promyelocytic leukemia, but this therapy is often complicated by the all-trans retinoic acid syndrome.	2
Three days later the patient could say a few single words and extra-ocular movement returned to normal.	2
Crosslinking for post-LASIK corneal ectasia may induce DLK.	2
MRI demonstrated an ischemic infarct in the right striatum.	2
As the prevalence of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection continues to rise the clinician is encountered with a diagnostic challenge.	2
A clinical study was initiated to determine if this mode of treatment would be effective against certain primary and metastatic cutaneous malignancies.	2
We noted C. striatum to be the infecting pathogen or copathogen in six patients.	2
The severity of this syndrome primarily in patients undergoing second HPCTs suggests that repetitive exposure to high-dose therapy may compromise endogenous peripheral regulatory mechanisms and predispose these patients to autoimmunity.	2
Ours is a 430-bed tertiary care teaching hospital, The Wellesley Hospital, Toronto, Ontario.	2
Sequential CT studies were performed in 24 patients with infantile spasms, before, during and after ACTH therapy, in order to analyze the relationship between the dose of ACTH and changes in CT scan findings.	2
A potentially fatal ulcerating enterocolitis has been reported in 4 patients.	2
Recurrent ischemic stroke involving an initially unaffected arterial territory during the course of thrombolysis has been reported but remains exceptionally rare.	2
One man who had acute urinary retention before treatment was subsequently able to void extremely well.	2
Chest roentgenogram showed multiple pulmonary nodules.	2
Nasogastric glutamine-supplemented tube feedings were well tolerated both in the hospital and at home.	2
Due to the more pronounced side effects of BCG compared to intravesical chemotherapy, reluctance still exists about BCG use.	2
Spontaneous coronary artery dissection.	2
Management of pericatheter cerebrospinal fluid leak after intrathecal implantation of a drug delivery system.	2
Care must be taken in the management of lumbosacral intradural tumors because tumors resembling neurilemmoma may in fact represent meningioma, some subtypes of which possess a high rate of recurrence.	2
He was not immunocompromised, debilitated and had not had recent surgery.	2
Arthroscopic posterior cruciate ligament reconstruction may carry certain risks of complications, including injury to the neurovascular structures in the popliteal region.	2
Patients were injected with 2 mg/kg of sodium porfimer.	2
School-based methylphenidate placebo protocols: methodological and practical issues.	2
We present a case of disseminated cryptococcal infection in a patient with pemphigus vulgaris treated with high dose corticosteroids as monotherapy.	2
CONCLUSIONS: When generic substitution of carbamazepine is required, serum concentrations should be carefully monitored.	2
We hypothesized that vigorous rubbing of the eye of the atopic patient might cause limbal erosion that could lead to exposure of the angle-supported AC IOL haptic through the limbus.	2
This report describes the case of a 58-year-old female patient with treatment-refractory schizophrenia who was successfully switched from clozapine 300 mg/day to aripiprazole 20 mg/day because of changes in consciousness.	2
We report a case of intracardiac thrombus in a patient supported by the Jarvik 2000 Flowmaker successfully treated with a single dose of peripherally administered TNK-tissue plasminogen activator (Tenecteplase, Metalyse, Boehringer Ingelheim).	2
Recombinant human erythropoietin in patients with myelodysplastic syndrome and myelofibrosis.	2
Etanercept was not associated with a similar reactivation.	2
At completion, examination revealed mild induration of the neck with near-complete resolution of the mass.	2
Linezolid treatment of prosthetic hip Infections due to methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA).	2
Pulmonary infiltrates resolved within 2 months of treatment.	2
Did we learn evidence-based medicine in medical school? Some common medical mythology.	2
Corticosteroid management of airway hemangiomas: long-term follow-up.	2
The results of laboratory tests revealed elevated levels of hepatic enzymes, including alanine transaminase (ALT) and aspartate transaminase (AST).	2
Treatment was stopped after 2 weeks.	2
Those side effects that occurred, predominantly iron deficiencies, hypertension, and hyperkalemia, were controlled by appropriate clinical management.	2
The following case demonstrates marked improvement in treatment-resistant RSD pain with intramuscular ketorolac.	2
Frequent blood glucose monitoring is recommended in children on prolonged therapy with glucocorticoids.	2
We report a case of graft versus host disease after liver transplantation in which the diagnosis was made by short tandem repeat analysis.	2
PURPOSE: Choroidal detachment is a known complication of topical hypotensive agents when used to treat eyes sensitized by prior surgery.	2
Six (25%) of 24 patients died of this infection; however, only one (5%) of 19 who were treated with adequate antimicrobial therapy died.	2
We suggest that patients receiving a high dose of vinblastine are at risk for the development of this syndrome.	2
Among CNS toxicities, generalized tonic-clonic seizures have been reported in both children and adults.	2
Acute myeloid leukaemia with t(8;16)(p11;p13) in a child after intrauterine X-ray exposure.	2
We describe a case of extensive thromboembolism associated with antithrombin (AT) deficiency complicated by thrombocytopenia which resolved when low-molecular-weight heparin was instituted.	2
Computed brain tomography was normal.	2
A diagnosis of acute transverse myelitis was made and the patient was treated with IV methylprednisolone and IV immunoglobulin.	2
Treatment is also presented.	2
PATIENTS: Two women, ages 49 and 34 years, with endometrial hyperplasia without squamous metaplasia who were treated with progestin.	2
OBJECTIVE: The goal of this article was to describe a potential drug-drug interaction between propafenone and citalopram, which caused symptoms of propafenone adverse effects.	2
Thalidomide induces immunomodulator, anti-inflammatory, and anti-angiogenic effects, and may be considered as the elective treatment of this rare variety of erythema multiforme.	2
CONCLUSION: This case provides support for the practice of obtaining routine fungal cultures of donor rims at the time of corneal transplantation and for the implementation of prophylactic antifungal therapy in culture-positive cases.	2
The patient had severe hypoxemia associated with bilateral pulmonary infiltrates.	2
In view of the enormous, and potentially fatal, plasma concentration of the drug, charcoal haemoperfusion was undertaken as well as cysteamine therapy.	2
Mitral valve endocarditis resulting from coagulase-negative Staphylococcus after stent implantation in a saphenous vein graft.	2
The patient did not achieve remission despite intensive chemotherapy, and subsequently underwent UCBT with a standard conditioning regimen.	2
Successful treatment of stutter priapism with an antiandrogen.	2
The cause is unknown, but the eruption may occur in association with certain medications.	2
Visual acuity improved and IOP was within normal limits in both eyes postoperatively.	2
Prednisone doses of 1 mg/kg/d have been suggested.	2
We report such a case in a morbidly obese laboring parturient after receiving combined spinal-epidural labor analgesia.	2
By the fifth day, a dramatic 7-fold increase was seen in the serum theophylline level (101.6 micromol/L [18.3 microg/mL]).	2
PARTICIPANTS: Seven patients (eight patient visits) with an age range of 5 days to 14.9 years.	2
SSRI-drugs increase serotonin concentrations and are known to have pruritus and other dermal side effects.	2
Serious lead poisoning in childhood: still a problem after a century.	2
Because the shortage of MVI is expected to be a long-term, there are likely to be more cases of WE in the pediatric population of TPN-dependent children.	2
At such a time, the poor respiratory function makes some diagnostic procedures harmful.	2
MK-0457 (VX-680) is a small-molecule aurora kinase (AK) inhibitor with preclinical antileukemia activity.	2
She remained asymptomatic during the therapeutic period and the pulmonary nodules resolved six months later.	2
In addition, one must also question the effects that misplaced corticosteroids could have on the surrounding tissues.	2
Tardive seizure is a serious adverse reaction of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT).	2
The hypertrophic adipocytes were twice as large as those from normal subcutaneous areas and contained numerous small lipid droplets.	2
9. More accurate assessment of risk: benefit ratios awaits the results of prospective controlled studies.	2
This report describes a unique path of spread of testicular cancer which also appears to spontaneously mature at the metastatic site.	2
Sonographically guided percutaneous thrombin injection is a minimally invasive and highly successful treatment of arterial pseudoaneurysms.	2
This is the first report of the characteristic phenotypes of the teeth and craniofacial morphology of a patient with leprechaunism treated with IGF-I.	2
On admission rhabdomyolysis had begun to improve despite a worsening of the hyponatremia (113 mEq/L).	2
Our results suggest that topiramate titration should be performed gradually, so as not to neglect cases responsive to low doses.	2
Calciphylaxis in a patient with end-stage renal disease secondary to systemic lupus erythematosus associated with acral gangrene and mesenteric ischemia.	2
In the present study we describe two patients with different types of reaction patterns, one presenting as an allergic, the other as an irritant contact dermatitis.	2
He presented with blurred vision.	2
All patients only required one intravitreal bevacizumab injection to control the neovascularization.	2
Serotonin syndrome is an underreported complication of pharmacotherapy that has been relatively ignored in the medical literature.	2
This case demonstrates that both epoetin alfa and darbepoetin alfa may artificially lower A1C levels in a patient with diabetes who is not undergoing dialysis, and therefore this finding can be interpreted as a class effect.	2
He had developed postchemotherapy complications of possible cellulitis and necrotizing fasciitis that required wound debridement.	2
On patch testing, budesonide was strongly positive at day 2 and 3 in a concentration ranging from 1% to 10 p.p.m. (in petrolatum).	2
The highest intraoperative oxygen concentration was 33 percent, but 40 percent oxygen was administered for four days postoperatively.	2
SIRT is a palliative treatment for unresectable liver tumours.	2
Our patient also did not completely respond to these medications, but was successfully treated with cyclosporine alone.	2
Interestingly, continuation of the interferon therapy in the presence of a mild-to-moderate exacerbation of sarcoidosis may be safe in a minority of patients with noncritical organ involvement.	2
the disease has been described mainly in patients treated with systemic corticosteroids (39 cases out of the 71 reported cases) or local corticosteroids (3/71) and in patients suffering from Cushing's syndrome (7/71) but rarely in HIV-infected patients (3/71).	2
After desensitization, phenytoin-specific CFSElow CD4+ cells decreased to background level.	2
We report on two AIDS cases with long lasting bacteremia due to MAC under this regimen.	2
Five patients showed grade 3 and 4 adverse reactions, all hematological.	2
One initially received diethylstilbene followed by estradiol, 80 mg monthly, and finally estramustin, 140 mg twice daily.	2
The reaction was thought to be triggered by the combination of radiation and epidermal growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitors, which may be responsible for hypersensitizing the radiation response in normal tissue in the unique individual.	2
Imaging and tissue biopsy revealed a diffuse large B-cell, non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.	2
Listeria monocytogenes peritonitis in a patient on continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis.	2
Endocrine physicians should be alert to this in patients with fixed DI and an abnormal thirst threshold.	2
Very low thiopurine methyltransferase activity represents the TPMTL/TPMTL genotype, and can be detected before therapy with azathioprine is started.	2
She was uncommunicative and unable to follow commands.	2
Severe slowly resolving heroin-induced pulmonary edema.	2
The source of these L. monocytogenes infections was not found.	2
He was treated with the immunosuppressive agents tacrolimus (0.15 mg/kg/d) and mycophenolate mofetil (20 mg/kg/d).	2
In all cases, ACE-inhibitor therapy either predisposed the patient to or precipitated the acute event.	2
The patients required admission for assessment of the severity of the overdose in addition to advice about appropriate use of analgesics and advice on access to dental care.	2
The three unilateral cases evolved favorably, but the bilateral case, seen late, showed extensive macular scarring.	2
Renal biopsy showed a type I membranous glomerulonephropathy.	2
Overall, this indicated a reduced intracortical inhibition during hormonal therapy.	2
At further evaluation, HBsAg was positive but serological work up was compatible with a healthy-carrier status.	2
MR images revealed extensive cortical and subcortical white matter brain edema.	2
CASE SUMMARY: A 21-year-old African American male with schizophrenia came to our medical intensive care unit from the crisis intervention unit (CIU).	2
Fungal entities should be considered in the differential diagnosis.	2
All patients in group 1 had positive serum antinuclear antibody titers, but none had positive serum anti-smooth muscle antibody titers.	2
Although dacryocystography showed a dilated and partially obstructed nasolacrimal system, ultrasound examination was able to demonstrate a mass in the nasolacrimal duct.	2
The first patient was supported by the use of a paracorporeal air-driven left ventricular assist device of the NCVC type, and had a moderate degree of renal and hepatic dysfunction at the time of transplantation.	2
Intrathecal rituximab treatment for pediatric post-transplant lymphoproliferative disorder of the central nervous system.	2
We should take dental treatment into account one of predisposing causes of tricuspid endocarditis.	2
Five of these six patients had renal failure.	2
Catheter-related cutaneous aspergillosis complicated by fungemia and fatal pulmonary infection in an HIV-positive patient with acute lymphocytic leukemia.	2
Following treatment, that behavior also ceased.	2
His thigh was indeed in close contact with his trousers pocket where he used to store a wiping rag drenched into white spirit and cellulosic thinner.	2
In cases with opportunistic infections, discontinuation of TNF-alpha inhibitors is a common practice, however rapid rebound of inflammatory responses may incur the risk of immune reconstitution syndrome.	2
Overall, five of the seven patients were rated at least minimally improved in behavioural symptoms.	2
After several months, neither patient required antidiabetic treatment.	2
The patient's headache resolved with diltiazem therapy and she was able to complete capecitabine and radiation therapy without further adverse events.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Photodynamic therapy for cholangiocarcinoma is safe and technically feasible with a preloaded biliary catheter and a monorail technique for catheter positioning.	2
Furthermore, pleiotropic effects of ACE inhibitors are unlikely to provide significant benefits in the absence of blood pressure reduction.	2
A 57-year-old woman with end-stage kidney disease secondary to autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease developed peritoneal dialysis-related Mucor peritonitis after her pet cockatoo bit through her transfer set.	2
Another four patients went into partial remission, amounting to an overall response rate of 58%.	2
CTPA identified no pulmonary embolus or vascular abnormalities.	2
Although the effects of hypomagnesemia have been frequently reported, little has been written to suggest a clinically important role for hypermagnesemia.	2
Nevertheless, it is increasingly recognized as a complication of therapy in solid tumors.	2
Polymorphic ventricular tachycardia (PVT) is a form of ventricular tachycardia characterized by QRS complexes that seem to change direction during the tachycardia.	2
A 54-year-old male presented to our hospital for evaluation of peripheral lymphocytosis.	2
The mechanism of this cholestasis is not clear at present.	2
A 7-year-old castrated male Whippet developed deep ulcerative skin lesions whilst receiving immunosuppressive doses of prednisolone and cyclosporine for the treatment of immune-mediated haemolytic anaemia.	2
Resistance to combined ganciclovir and foscarnet therapy in a liver transplant recipient with possible dual-strain cytomegalovirus coinfection.	2
In 6 dogs with multicentric lymphosarcoma, salmonellosis developed shortly after the start of anticancer chemotherapy.	2
We concluded that leflunomide is a new immunosuppressive agent with anti-CMV activity, which may be useful in the treatment of multiresistant CMV.	2
Serotonin syndrome in the perioperative period.	2
Electroencephalography (EEG) with polygraphic recording revealed tonic status epilepticus.	2
Based upon the success of three refractory cases treated by this procedure, recommendation are made for the conversion of standard compressed-air chambers into an emergency saturation mode for therapy.	2
Only 114 cases have been reported in the literature.	2
Antibiotic therapy consisting of Amoxicillin and Gentamycin was given for seven days.	2
A 68-year-old woman with parkinsonism showed cortical myoclonus and seizures under antiparkinsonian medication.	2
Close observation of the response status both clinically and with beta-hCG values may indicate whether and when more agressive combination chemotherapy should be started.	2
Following administration of the antidote, digoxin immune antigen binding fragments (Fab), SDC monitoring is hampered by assay-related problems because of the presence of Fab in the serum.	2
His hospital course was complicated by a non-Q-wave myocardial infarction, for which diltiazem was prescribed.	2
Hepatolithiasis is uncommon in western countries but is quite prevalent in East Asia and is often associated with a predisposing condition that causes intrahepatic bile stasis (eg. bile duct stricture).	2
The pharmacokinetics of antineoplastic drugs in obese patients are poorly understood and are not sufficient to create standards for rational dosing.	2
(It is no longer contained in Correctol.)	2
Respiratory function tests were useful in the diagnosis of the interstitial abnormality and in monitoring response to prednisone.	2
The patient underwent a dorsal laminectomy, and arachnoidal calcification and ossification was find, but the removal of the bone plaques was ineffectual in order to the subsequent course of the neurological troubles.	2
Seven patients with congestive heart failure receiving long-term diuretic treatment (more than three years) experienced idionodal tachycardia in the presence of apparently normal serum digoxin levels.	2
The authors describe the use of milnacipran for the treatment of chronic pain in a series of patients.	2
The carers assessed the pre-morbid and present behaviour and personality of the patients using standard questionnaires.	2
Her medical history included vascular dementia accompanied by depression, arterial hypertension, and heart failure, as well as cardiac pacemaker implantation several years earlier for severe bradyarrythmia.	2
It inhibits delayed rectifier potassium channels in the myocardium, causing delayed repolarization and QT-interval prolongation.	2
CONCLUSION: It is suggested that antibiotic-induced endotoxemia of a patient with septic endogenous endophthalmitis produced endotoxin-induced uveitis under an upregulation of HLA and endotoxin activated macrophages may release cytokines, followed by fibrin formation and subsequent granuloma.	2
However, the spectrum of hosts and clinical presentations of invasive aspergillosis are increasing, due in part to better medical treatments that prolong the survival of patients with cancer, severe infections, and organ failure.	2
Sedation in the morning was identified as an important adverse event, which should be addressed by reducing the dose.	2
These 4 cases are the first to be recorded in infancy, and with histopathological proof of fat embolism.	2
A complication of the implantable constant infusion chemotherapy pump.	2
Proteinuria resolved after the initiation of oral prednisolone therapy (1 mg/kg per day).	2
Some degree of biochemical improvement was also noted in the other cases in whom the blood lactate levels before treatment were 15, 17, and 31 mM.	2
Postoperatively, the patient developed bilateral lower extremity weakness, which was at first attributed to epidural administration of local anaesthetics.	2
The route of transmission may have been direct contamination of the connection device or bacterial translocation through the gastrointestinal tract.	2
The observation of responses in 3 patients with T315I phenotype-refractory CML or Ph-positive ALL, at doses of MK-0457 associated with no significant extramedullary toxicity, is very encouraging.	2
The dose was adjusted to 1 g every 12 hours during continuous venovenous hemodialysis.	2
She developed congestive heart failure, and hemodialysis was initiated.	2
BACKGROUND: Recombinant activated factor VII (rFVIIa), originally developed for the treatment of life-threatening bleeding in hemophilic patients with inhibitors to factors VIII or IX, has been increasingly used to control hemorrhage unresponsive to conventional treatment, in the absence of a defined coagulopathy or thrombocytopathy.	2
We describe a renal transplant recipient infected with Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia (PCP) who developed hypercalcemia, elevated 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D, and suppressed parathyroid hormone levels.	2
Association of fluoxetine and return of sexual potency in three elderly men.	2
The patient's Ewing sarcoma remained refractory to treatment despite continuous intensified chemotherapy and was complicated by a therapy-related acute myeloid leukemia with 11q23 abnormality.	2
Administration of the drug for 8 days did not effectively shorten the recovery period compared with the average reported in the literature without the drug, and may have triggered additional iatrogenic complications.	2
This methodology provides the decision analyst with a procedure to evaluate the outcome of specification uncertainty, in many decision problems, without resorting to Monte Carlo analysis.	2
EMG and NCV results and neurologic examination were suggestive for Guillain-Barre.	2
Unfortunately, symptoms and therefore treatment are often delayed.	2
Autoinfection occurs in the setting of immunosuppression when invasive larvae penetrate the gut wall and cause disseminated infection.	2
Endometrial squamous metaplasia.	2
Garlic burns.	2
CMV antigenemia became negative within 2 weeks and never developed again.	2
Dermatologic exam demonstrated a severe reduction of fat tissue.	2
Clinicians should be aware to this complication.	2
The treatment remains the removal of the offending stimulus along with drug therapy.	2
A case report.	2
Disseminated histoplasmosis has not been described previously as a complication of bone marrow transplantation.	2
Apparently, the subacromial injection penetrated the anterior half of the supraspinatus tendon, causing a transient effect and signal change.	2
Intravitreal injection of triamcinolone acetonide is useful in the treatment of macular edema; however, accumulation of triamcinolone acetonide particles on the posterior lens capsule may decrease visual acuity and requires surgical treatment.	2
Recently, a controversy has arisen as to whether air or saline should be recommended for the correct localization of the epidural space with the loss of resistance technique.	2
Nasal reconstruction using 20 mg/ml cross-linked hyaluronic acid.	2
Sedative effects may, in fact, be mediated through the benzodiazepine receptor.	2
Before discharge, at the age of 23 days of life, she started to be breast-fed from the mother.	2
The thrombus was disrupted during cardiopulmonary resuscitation.	2
Hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS) is a rare clinical and biological entity.	2
The major features of akinetic-rigid syndromes are bradykinesia (small, slow movements), rigidity and tremor, often summarised as "parkinsonism".	2
The treatment of choice remains operation.	2
Classically used in combination with a multiagent-chemotherapy regimen, it can sometimes give excellent results alone.	2
This observation suggests that long-term solvent exposure may trigger MF and hasten its progression from the patch stage to the plaque and tumour stages.	2
Pursuing a diagnosis in a Caribbean man.	2
Before invasive procedures are performed, thought must be given to what changes in treatment may be made when results are known.	2
Real-time ultrasound imaging prevented inadvertent injury to the esophagus as well as the thyroid gland and vessels.	2
The 2 cases were remarkably similar in terms of the offending substance, quantity consumed, and subsequent reaction.	2
In these four patients, plasma carbamazepine concentrations after clarithromycin coadministration were approximately twice as high as those after its discontinuation.	2
Disulfiram is used commonly as reinforcement in the treatment of chronic alcoholism.	2
In the second case, a woman suffering from a cholangiocellular carcinoma, end-stage renal disease was irreversible.	2
Severe rhabdomyolysis developed within 5 hours after the injection.	2
RESULTS: There is no reliable and effective treatment of anterior ischemic optic neuropathy.	2
The authors describe a clinical case of cutaneous candidiasis in a dog with dermatological lesions, characterized by persistent alopecia, crusts, ulcers and scales.	2
A 34-year-old woman presented to the out-patient clinic with angioedema and type II hereditary angioedema was confirmed immunologically.	2
This case report describes a non-cigarette smoking elderly woman who developed bronchial anthracostenosis and mediastinal fibrosis after long-term exposure to wood smoke.	2
An otolaryngology consultant performed fiberoptic laryngoscopy and paradoxical vocal cord movement was diagnosed.	2
Clofibrate has been considered to be a relatively safe antidiuretic in the treatment of diabetes insipidus.	2
Therefore, we recommend that regular examination for TD using the activation procedure should be performed in patients who use clozapine on a long-term basis.	2
The left eye healed with central corneal scarring.	2
Chinese and African populations.	2
In four of 10 patients with PR, the tumor was not observable, although the tumor marker did not completely decline to the normal range.	2
A woman with a prolonged unipolar delusional depressive episode, unresponsive to antidepressant treatment, experienced rapid improvement of depressive and psychotic symptoms following the occurrence of two grand mal seizures.	2
We review the existing literature on AHS pathogenesis and illustrate a case complicated by liver dysfunction where the use of N-acetylcysteine (N-AC) and intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIG) may have altered the course of the disease.	2
Osteonecrosis in a patient with Crohn's disease unrelated to corticosteroid use.	2
A few round Russell bodies were seen in the first biopsy specimen and none in the third.	2
Although the treatment of S. aureus endocarditis in immunosuppressed transplant patients has traditionally resulted in loss of their allograft, prompt diagnosis and appropriate antibiotics with continued immunosuppressive therapy resulted in a successful outcome and allograft preservation in this case.	2
Extended-release tolterodine 4 mg/day was then prescribed to manage overactive bladder.	2
RESULTS: Twenty-five patients were recruited in each treatment arm (50 in total).	2
Laboratory test results revealed elevated liver function test values.	2
Disseminated Aspergillus terreus infection arising from cutaneous inoculation treated with caspofungin.	2
Intralesional injection of corticosteroid is widely regarded as the treatment of choice for hemangiomas which induce strabismus or significant refractive error, or occlude the visual axis.	2
Also, there are some suggestions of an underlying susceptibility and possibly a genetic predisposition, at least in some patients.	2
A 77-year-old man with previous myocardial infarction was admitted with chronic left heart failure and atrial tachycardia.	2
MCC seems to be common in transplant recipients and 52 cases have been reported in the literature.	2
The current article highlights the hepatotoxic potency of a widely administered therapeutic agent and illustrates the importance of clinical surveillance especially in patients with previous hepatic diseases.	2
Although an increased incidence of Mycobacterium tuberculosis infection is found in patients after subtotal gastrectomy, to my knowledge, the potential for gastrectomy to alter the course and outcome of typical mycobacterial disease has not been noted.	2
CONCLUSION: To our knowledge, this is the first case report of delayed onset of cerebral infarction caused by an embolism after CPS fixation.	2
Among the various clinical and pathological manifestations of hydrocarbon (HC) poisoning, pneumonitis is the most significant and occurs in up to 40% of children, whereas formation of pneumatoceles is believed to be a rare event.	2
CASE SUMMARY: A 66-year-old white woman with a 10-year history of hypertension and bronchial asthma was switched from immediate-release verapamil hydrocloride 40 mg tid to sustained-release verapamil 240 mg/d po for better hypertension control.	2
On subsequent follow-up one patient is taking no insulin and has been maintained on hydrochlorothiazide; the other patient required insulin on two occasions when challenged with a propranolol-thiazide combination, but not when the thiazide was discontinued or replaced with furosemide.	2
The patient's symptoms were relieved with 0.5 mg intravenous atropine and she recovered uneventfully.	2
METHOD: We identified 101 patients at Yanbian Socio-Mental Hospital and Yanbian Brain Hospital in China who had received clozapine as a primary antipsychotic drug since their first episode of illness and evaluated the prevalence rate, type, and severity of TD using the Extrapyramidal Symptoms Rating Scale (ESRS).	2
The conditions may develop months or possibly years after cessation of intake of the drug and further cases may occur, although practolol has been withdrawn from use.	2
A decision was made not to remove the implant but the hepatitis resolved completely and uneventfully well within the normal time-scale.	2
Photochemotherapy with psoralens and UVA (PUVA) is widely used in the treatment of psoriasis and many other skin conditions.	2
Aberrancies in T3 suppression testing in graves disease occur.	2
RESULTS: All seven children are alive and without evidence of tumor with a median follow-up of 30 months (range, 18-35 months) from diagnosis.	2
One patient had breast cancer with multiple distant metastasis and received palliative radiotherapy to the spine and hip joint.	2
A complete ocular examination, fluorescein angiography, carotid artery Doppler sonography and brain magnetic resonance imaging were performed.	2
The clinical features and different drug-induced movement scales showed an outstanding improvement after tetrabenazine was started.	2
All symptoms resolved with drug withdrawal.	2
A pharmacokinetic interaction between the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor citalopram and a tricyclic antidepressant, clomipramine, was noted in a patient treated for major depression and obsessive-compulsive disorder.	2
Her postoperative course was further complicated by a fungal infection.	2
Percutaneous coronary interventions of ostial right coronary artery stenoses are associated with increased procedural complications as well as with higher rates of angiographic and clinical restenosis.	2
Fluctuating QTc interval in an asymptomatic patient treated with methadone for chronic pain.	2
His treatment was initiated with tacrolimus (dose of 0.15 mg/kg/day) in two divided doses along with prednisolone 60 mg/m(2)/daily.	2
We postulate individual hypersensitivity to FUdR or selective concentration of FUdR in brainstem structures to explain the toxicity in this case.	2
The authors describe a relation between the in vivo localized consumption of In-111 platelets and results of laboratory tests in a 82-year-old man with an aortic graft prosthesis who had chronic disseminated intravascular coagulation.	2
Reflexes, tone, and myoclonus also decreased.	2
We present the case of a 52-year-old white male who showed arthritis, conjunctivitis and non-gonococcal urethritis.	2
She also took nifedipine, atenolol, clonidine, prednisone, aspirin, and potassium chloride throughout pregnancy.	2
Echocardiogram showed normal left ventricular systolic function with mild mitral and tricuspid regurgitation and trace aortic insufficiency.	2
We share our experience in the treatment of candida peritonitis using oral fluconazole.	2
A 16-year-old girl with pulmonary stenosis who underwent reconstruction of the right ventricle outflow tract experienced severe bronchospasm following CPB.	2
Two years after transplantation, nefazodone 50 mg twice/day orally was prescribed due to depression.	2
The clinical features of these nine patients combined with 15 previously reported cases were analyzed to determine factors associated with hemorrhagic worsening.	2
Medical evaluations included computerized tomography, lumbar puncture, complete blood counts, serum chemistries, and serologies.	2
Further efforts are required to fully establish the cardiac transplantation program in Japan.	2
However, brain metastasis was diagnosed.	2
During FAB-treatment total DGTX serum concentrations and renal DGTX clearance rose, indicating redistribution of drug from tissue to serum and urinary elimination of FAB-bound DGTX, respectively.	2
By the findings of Grocott stain on bronchoalveolar lavage fluid obtained on day 14, he was diagnosed as having PCP.	2
This report addresses the association of multiple sclerosis and intracranial meningioma and discusses the effect of interferon treatment on tumour progression.	2
A 15-month-old girl with rhinopharyngitis was treated with a nasal solution containing the imidazoline derivative naphazoline.	2
Rarely, it can rupture, resulting in peritonitis and gram-negative sepsis.	2
RESULTS: Thirteen patients had died; 1 of these died of liver failure.	2
Steroid therapy for ureteral obstruction after aortoiliac graft surgery.	2
Microangiopathic hemolytic anemia in a patient with recurrent anal cancer and liver metastasis.	2
Adding Dantrolene and Oxybutynin elevated the blood level of Carbamazepine, possibly by inhibition of cytochrome P450.	2
Action of intracoronary nitroglycerin in refractory coronary artery spasm.	2
Small intestinal resection with loss of small intestinal absorptive area was not a risk factor for the development of osteonecrosis.	2
Recently, problems have arisen regarding infection with P. aeruginosa, which produces metallo-beta-lactamase (MBL) and is resistant to virtually all beta-lactams.	2
Tamoxifen side effects, age-related macular degeneration (AMD) or cancer associated retinopathy (CAR)?	2
Normalisation of phenytoin levels was associated with return of euthyroidism.	2
Hiccups can arise from idiopathic, psychogenic and organic causes.	2
Cerebral dural sinus thrombosis is an unusual syndrome in which a patient presents with a severe headache that may be associated with diverse neurologic and physical findings.	2
A 54-year-old female was admitted to our hospital for gingival bleeding and was diagnosed as acute promyelocytic leukemia (APL).	2
Early recognition of this condition and initiation of effective treatment can improve outcome.	2
Case report: colonic stricture and fibrosis associated with high-strength pancreatic enzymes in a child with cystic fibrosis.	2
Sudden sensorineural hearing loss has rarely been reported as a result of NSAID use.	2
Two weekly injections of 25 mg of the tumour necrosis factor alpha inhibitor etanercept led to a rapid improvement of his psoriatic arthritis, as well as regression of the pustular eruption, while residual erythema was still present.	2
Pulmonary tuberculosis in a child receiving intensive chemotherapy for acute myeloblastic leukemia.	2
BACKGROUND: Amiodarone is a benzofuran derivative used to treat cardiac arrhythmias.	2
Early diagnosis and appropriate treatment with intensive topical corticosteroids is essential to successfully manage this post-crosslinking complication.	2
London: Hodder Arnold; 2009).	2
There was no recurrence of thrombosis or bleeding events during therapy with danaparoid.	2
Drug induced renal failure is a serious, potentially, fatal illness that is preventable.	2
These cases illustrate a previously unrecognized and potentially causal relationship between tumor necrosis factor-alpha inhibition and reactivation of latent melanoma.	2
Human chorionic gonadotrophin, administered exogenously as well as produced endogenously during pregnancy, is responsible for the onset of OHSS, and high levels of estradiol appear to worsen the condition.	2
Blood transfusions worsen the evolution of this peculiar form of HUS.	2
A patient with diffuse and focal cerebral dysfunction was found to have absent peripheral pulses.	2
CASE DESCRIPTION: We have observed severe infusion reactions accompanied by a loss of consciousness in two patients.	2
Impaired absorption or accelerated elimination might explain these results.	2
Delayed-onset multifocal polymicrobial keratitis after laser in situ keratomileusis.	2
Minoxidil was found to be highly effective, free from commonly encountered side effects and capable of achieving excellent control of blood pressure when given once daily.	2
Ischaemic complications of Glypressin in liver disease: a case series.	2
Renal biopsy examination showed typical features of MN in all patients.	2
CONCLUSION: Fungal infection of ICDs is a rare but serious complication of device implantation that must be treated aggressively with complete hardware explantation and prolonged antifungal therapy.	2
Plasma exchange should be done only in an intensive care setting and as a research procedure for children with JRA.	2
Twenty-nine patients reported spontaneous pain; a variety of other paresthesialike sensations, e.g., tingling, numbness, and formication, occurred in 32 patients.	2
Both developed acute erythroid leukemia, 98 and 71 months after the original diagnosis of myeloma, and died of subarachnoid hemorrhage and cardiac arrest.	2
Macrophage migration-inhibiting factor (MIF) assay with methylphenidate was positive.	2
BACKGROUND: Radiation recall pneumonitis describes a very rare reaction in a previously irradiated area of pulmonary tissue after application of pharmacological agents.	2
Deep tendon reflexes (DTR) were absent in all extremities.	2
This circular area corresponded to the 3500 microm diameter of the laser spot used in the PDT treatment.	2
A symptom-triggered intensive care unit treatment protocol consisting of a benzodiazepine and antiadrenergic agents was started.	2
The occurrence of this reaction in a mother and daughter on ingestion of tuna fish is reported.	2
The temporal and dose-response relationships suggested a possible association between the depressive symptoms and corticosteroid.	2
Because the primary reservoir of S. agalactiae in the human body is the gastrointestinal tract, and because no findings suggested an alternate portal of entry in our male donor, a gastrointestinal source was suspected.	2
The flares typically last for up to 3 days at a time, and most patients are completely asymptomatic between attacks; if untreated with prophylactic colchicine, some patients later develop amyloidosis and renal failure.	2
Two months later, hyponatremia was diagnosed, most likely syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion.	2
In order to investigate the mechanism of late asthmatic response (LAR), inhibitory effects of various drugs for LAR were examined in two wheat flour-sensitive asthmatic subjects who showed immediate and late responses in the allergen provocation test and skin test.	2
The clinical manifestations of an anaphylactoid reaction are identical to true anaphylaxis; however, a previous exposure to the offending agent is not needed to manifest these symptoms.	2
He had a history of occupational exposure to asbestos as a construction worker.	2
Coronary thrombolysis is contraindicated in patients with transient cerebral ischemia and stroke, arterial hypertension, cerebral trauma, cerebral aneurysms, and arteriovenous malformations, because of the risk of cerebral hemorrhage.	2
Symptoms cleared after drug withdrawal and repeated testing produced no claudication.	2
Observation of renal biopsy specimens by light microscopy revealed minor glomerular abnormalities.	2
We report of a 32-year-old man who showed dystonic symptoms within few days after liver transplantation (LT).	2
A review of the literature of 68 case reports of acute leukemia following ovarian cancer is presented and 3 new cases are reported.	2
Water-suppressed proton magnetic resonance spectra from a supraventricular volume of central white and gray matter revealed an abnormal lipid signal.	2
However, endocrine and clinical responses to chronic treatment have been less consistent.	2
Robust guidelines and highlighting patients with risk factors are required to prevent this complication from recurring.	2
Clinicians should be aware of the possibility of psychotic symptoms with the use of this agent.	2
METHODS: We report a case of a 33-year-old female patient who developed RPE atrophy after a single standard PDT for treatment of a juxtafoveal, predominantly classic choroidal neovascularization (CNV).	2
Despite the prophylaxis and preemptive strategies using potent antiviral agents, cytomegalovirus (CMV) remains a major infectious cause of morbidity and mortality in allogeneic stem cell transplantation (SCT) recipients.	2
The resurgence of HBV DNA preceded the elevation of liver enzymes for 20 weeks.	2
Intravenous were started and a below knee amputation date of admission under spinal anaesthesia.	2
The response to surgical drainage and antimicrobial therapy was dramatic in both dogs, but one dog experienced a drug reaction to trimethoprim-potentiated sulfonamide.	2
Histologic assessment of pleural fluid revealed no malignancy and results of video-assisted thoracoscopic surgery were normal.	2
However, long-term PUVA therapy may cause several adverse effects including skin cancer, especially squamous cell carcinoma (SCC).	2
PATIENTS AND METHODS Patients with advanced PEComa were treated with sirolimus and consented to retrospective collection of data from their medical records and analysis of archival tumor specimens.	2
It is important to recognize the potential for this complication when postoperative epidural analgesia is contemplated, especially following a left-sided surgical dissection.	2
In addition, she had a central scotoma (RE > LE) on automated visual field analysis (Humphrey central 30 degrees ).	2
Preeclampsia developed in this patient 4 days' postpartum.	2
Specifically, the data from our American series are insufficient to evaluate the hypothesis that the M694V/M694V genotype confers a more severe phenotype, or increases the risk of amyloidosis; but both our data and the recent literature (160) indicate that amyloidosis can occur in FMF patients with only 1 copy, or no copies, of the M694V mutation.	2
From these, three patients with myopathy were found for a total of 303 patient-years of therapy, for an incidence of 1 in 100 patient-years (95%, confidence interval 0.2-3).	2
MATERIALS AND METHODS: Two dialysis patients with recently rejected renal allografts who were hospitalized because of fever of unknown origin are reported.	2
After discontinuation of treatment with levamisole and a short course of corticosteroid therapy, the patient's condition dramatically improved.	2
The patient was then submitted to three sections of 1,600 mg/m2 of gemcitabine with intervals of 1 week.	2
Although several adverse effects are associated with this drug, it has only rarely been known to exacerbate seizures.	2
The authors report a case of a Hickman catheter perforating the wall of the superior vena cava into the pericardium, resulting in accidental intrapericardial infusion of 5-fluorouracil (5-FU).	2
Acanthamoeba keratitis.	2
CONCLUSIONS: The tumor in the reported case may have enlarged in response to orally ingested sex steroid pills.	2
The following data set was acquired: the type of caustic agent, the time of the burns, the delay and type of immediate treatment and the time and type of first aid, the subsequent medication, the clinical grading and the later results.	2
She had no history suggestive of gastroesophageal reflux, peptic ulcer, or pork allergy, and no vomiting on days when enzymes were not given.	2
BACKGROUND: Angiosarcoma arising after radiation is described in breast cancer but occurs elsewhere.	2
We describe a 53-year-old man with Churg-Strauss syndrome and subsequent opportunistic cytomegalovirus enterocolitis.	2
Cisplatin toxicity on cardiac electrical activity is discussed.	2
We report the successful treatment of Staphylococcus aureus endocarditis in a renal transplant recipient with preservation of his renal allograft.	2
Inferior vena cava (IVC) filter thrombosis has been reported to occur in up to 30% of cases and is associated with significant morbidity.	2
All patients received infliximab.	2
Thirteen parkinsonian patients drawn from two large parkinsonism clinics experienced hypersexuality as a consequence of anti-parkinsonian therapy.	2
His extensive cytotoxic chemotherapy for AML is reviewed along with a discussion of its possible oncogenic effects.	2
However, the patient survived thanks to early diagnosis confirmed by polymerase chain reaction on blood and by serological techniques, and early treatment.	2
Oral and topical forms of psoralen-containing drugs are routinely used in medicine.	2
In two patients this was the sole chemotherapeutic agent used.	2
It is important for both the general and cardiac anesthesiologist to understand the effects of thrombolysis on hemostasis and myocardial function, since these patients can present for emergent surgery in the cardiac or general operating theater.	2
Quinupristin/dalfopristin and voriconazole controlled Staphylococcus epidermidis pneumonia and chronic necrotizing aspergillosis in a patient with severe lung degradation consequent to multiple treatments for Hodgkin's lymphoma.	2
High-dose intravenous melphalan for plasma-cell leukaemia and myeloma.	2
OBJECTIVE: Pancreatic enzyme is essential in the treatment of cystic fibrosis (CF), but intolerance to it occasionally occurs.	2
We describe three testicular cancer patients who were cured with chemotherapy but developed bilateral osteonecrosis of the femoral head 17, 22 and 55 months after chemotherapy.	2
The mechanism accounting for this observation is unknown but the rapid improvement following abortion suggests that increased bronchomotor tone predominated inflammatory changes in causing flow limitation.	2
However, its efficacy in preventing invasive aspergillosis could not be demonstrated.	2
He rapidly recovered by intravenous hydrocortisone followed by oral prednisone administrations and percutaneous catheter pericardial drainage.	2
It can be caused by infection of the donor or by contamination of the organ during harvest, preservation and handling, or at transplantation.	2
Eventually, his bowel was reduced to 40 cm of small intestine, including 5 cm of terminal ileum.	2
Phenytoin toxicity is an uncommon problem seen in clinical practice.	2
Initial treatment for MN consisted in corticosteroids and immunosuppressors (ciclosporin, mycophenolate mofetil, rituximab, chlorambucil) in all patients.	2
Gingival hemorrhage, myelodysplastic syndromes, and acute myeloid leukemia.	2
Azathioprine (AZA) is an immunosuppressant commonly used for organ transplantation and autoimmune diseases.	2
Central nervous system imaging was negative.	2
Very few cases have been described in detail due to the low incidence of this complication.	2
The progressive regression was remarkable.	2
The alpha(1)-adrenoceptor occupancy by endogenous norepinephrine was increased in a dose-dependent manner by milnacipran, whereas fluvoxamine had essentially no effect.	2
Steroid hormone deprivation potentially contributed to neovascularization and bowel involvement.	2
Mental illness in mild PKU responds to biopterin.	2
We report details of two liver transplant procedures in which post-reperfusion coagulopathy was reversed by administration of protamine sulphate.	2
The man died from complications related to toxic epidermal necrolysis.	2
He admitted to our hospital and tricuspid valve endocarditis was proved by echocardiography.	2
The patient survived pulmonary leukostasis, resumed therapy, and achieved a CR.	2
The successful outcome of the present cases suggests that the timely addition of levothyroxine treatment alone or in combination with steroids is useful and effective in the management of hypothyroid Graves' ophthalmopathy.	2
METHODS: We describe a patient with chronic hepatitis B viral infection and RA treated with etanercept.	2
Two and a half hours after intravenous infusion of the antibody fragments, the signs of intoxication passed off, and atrial fibrillation with a normal ventricular rate was reinstated.	2
Mycophenolate mofetil in the therapy of severe myasthenia gravis.	2
The other patient had no hematoma and his course was dominated by esophageal rupture.	2
Most importantly, it occurs only after high doses of mannitol (> 200 g/day or cumulative dose of > 400 g in 48 hours), but not at lower doses.	2
Bicalutamide is a new, nonsteroidal antiandrogen with a favorable toxicity profile.	2
Continuous PGE1 administration ensures patency of the ductus arteriosus, which is essential for stabilizing the general condition until cardiac surgery can be performed.	2
Baseline measurements of anterior chamber depth and lens thickness were obtained.	2
It is considered to be an organism with a limited pathogenic potential, which is rarely capable of causing diseases in humans other than in those who are in an immunocompromised state.	2
PTLD systemically was seen in 6% of the liver, 7% of the heart, 5% of the lung, 11% of the heart-lung and 4% of the kidney allografts.	2
A pattern of possible risk factors emerges from these reports.	2
In the double-blind trial, 1 patient (12.5%) receiving rhEPO responded, as compared with no responses in the placebo group.	2
His anxiety proneness along with a dysphoric response to the neuroleptic were deemed responsible for these attacks.	2
Early CAD recurrences may have been underestimated previously, because asymptomatic recurrences seem to be more frequent than symptomatic ones.	2
De novo absence status is a specific epileptic condition that should be suspected in all elderly subjects on chronic treatment with psychotropic drugs presenting in a confusional state.	2
The patient presented with a painful eye and increasing vertical diplopia.	2
Nummular headache: a series with symptomatic and primary cases.	2
We describe a case of cholangiocarcinoma in a young woman, who presented with cholestatic jaundice following oral contraceptive ingestion.	2
A 10-year-old boy was diagnosed with ADHD and had received methylphenidate hydrochloride, 60 mg/day for 2 years.	2
These findings should lead to further study of the role of lithium in the treatment of this symptom complex in patients with PTSD.	2
Except for generalized cerebral gliosis, the abnormalities in the brain were confined to the cerebellum, where malformation of the dentate nuclei, neuronal heterotopias, and abnormalities of Purkinje's cell dendrites were found.	2
Seven months after continuous antitubercular treatment, the KS nodules regressed spontaneously and finally disappeared.	2
These age-related differences in the pharmacokinetic profile of daptomycin have significant dosing implications.	2
The exacerbation of a co-existing autoimmune disease is often a concern for physicians who use immunomodulating agents for the treatment of a concomitant process.	2
This study seems to indicate that anti-retroviral-induced lipodystrophy and hypertriglyceridemia may be associated to some racial factor.	2
A multicentric retrospective pilot study was undertaken to detect GCV-resistance through mutations within the UL97 gene in renal transplant recipients who experienced active HCMV infection and received valacyclovir prophylaxis.	2
CONCLUSION: Flecainide is an effective therapy for supraventricular tachycardias in a twin pregnancy.	2
Her blood chemistry indicated AST 342 IU/L, ALT 356 IU/L, and hyaluronic acid 255 ng/mL.	2
Confirmation of the suspected drugs that cause hypersensitivity reaction is sometimes difficult.	2
Tardive seizure and antibiotics: case reports and review of the literature.	2
Hemorrhagic myocardial infarction complicated by free wall-rupture: a case associated with unusual clinical features following intravenous thrombolytic therapy.	2
CONCLUSION: Intraperitoneal catheters have a morbidity that persists after nonuse.	2
Baseline laboratory studies to evaluate infertility had revealed normal hormonal levels.	2
Photopatch tests to 1% mequitazine with 5 J/cm2 of UVA in 30 normal subjects were all negative, which means that 1% concentration may be appropriate for the photopatch test.	2
This case report highlights the powerful anti-natriuretic properties of GH.	2
One week later, the patient was again extubated and 3 days later was transferred to a peripheral ward.	2
All parameters returned to normal after the herbal preparation was discontinued.	2
A 74-year-old man with well-compensated systolic dysfunction and longstanding type 2 diabetes mellitus treated with glyburide began therapy with rosiglitazone 4 mg/day, which was increased to 8 mg/day after 1 month.	2
This case may be an example of cryptogenic form of reflex epilepsy with seizures induced exclusively by tooth brushing.	2
He was hyperthermic (oral temperature 40.6 degrees C), diaphoretic, tachycardic (heart rate 140 beats/min), and tachypneic (respiratory rate 22 breaths/min), with severe muscle rigidity and shaking tremors.	2
These features were initially ascribed to the veno-occlusive disease caused by pyrrolizidine alkaloids, radiotherapy and some therapeutic drugs but have not been described in detail as a complication of AMD therapy.	2
We describe a patient in whom this was the primary manifestation of drug hypersensitivity.	2
The patients were treated with quetiapine as relapse prevention and we followed them up in our outpatient clinic.	2
Our analysis reveals that this method is useful, but also highlights potential areas for its improvement.	2
The psoralen derivatives used in the study were 8-methoxypsoralen (8MOP), 3-carbethoxypsoralen (3CPs), 4,6,4'-trimethylangelicin (TMA) and 7-methyl pyridopsoralen (MPP).	2
He also achieved a complete response but only after rituximab was added to IVIG, gancyclovir, solumedrol and IFN.	2
WE is usually associated with alcoholism and malnutrition.	2
The development of safer and more effective means for VT control is progressing and is needed.	2
Heparin was discontinued, and an argatroban infusion was initiated.	2
Analysis of Naka-Rushton parameters for the ERG scotopic b-wave stimulus-response curves indicated response compression for two patients, as evidenced by a reduction in the maximum response.	2
Elevated levels of ammonemia, gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase, alkaline phosphatase and IgA were detected.	2
There are many pertinent issues surrounding the treatment of bipolar disorder during pregnancy.	2
The patient was discharged with a diagnosis of HCV-related active chronic hepatitis, skin porphyria, and type 2 diabetes.	2
There has been no further recurrence in the long-term follow-up.	2
One twin had clinically appreciable hypoparathyroidism and had received calcitriol since early infancy.	2
Sequencing of the mitochondrial polymerase gamma gene (POLG1) revealed four heterozygous substitutions, two of which have been identified in cases of Alpers-Huttenlocher disease.	2
Two cases of continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis-associated peritonitis due to Plesiomonas shigelloides.	2
Neurologic examination revealed right foot drop in Patient A and was unremarkable in Patient B.	2
Her management consisted of regular blood transfusions aimed at haemoglobin above 8.5 g/dl, antimicrobials, oxymetholone, low dose prednisone and folate.	2
Despite a long-time antibiotic therapy two further episodes of staphylococcus aureus sepsis occurred after discontinuation of CyA treatment.	2
A 7 year-old Turkish boy presented with a euthyroid goiter, which was noted during evaluation of familial Mediterranean fever.	2
Thus, azithromycin was more effective but equally safe than ceftibuten in the initial therapy of pediatric CARTI.	2
Two patients were found not to be sensitive and started on aspirin, the other had a classic asthmatic reaction to the drug and was successfully desensitized to aspirin allowing for its use.	2
Such abuse (possibly linked to the rewarding effect of dopamine) has been recently monitored in the context of Parkinson's disease (PD) (the "dopamine dysregulation syndrome").	2
Thrombolytic therapy is being used with increasing frequency to treat acute myocardial infarction (MI).	2
Protocols that successfully incorporate platinum agents, despite a platinum hypersensitivity, are clinically relevant.	2
The two cases described in this paper are the only known deaths due to anaphylaxis.	2
Unusual coronary artery aneurysm and acute myocardial infarction in a middle-aged man with systemic lupus erythematosus.	2
The mechanisms are not clear, and peripheral (case 1) and also central pathways (case 2) could be involved.	2
A conventional 300-mg clopidogrel loading dose needs to be administered at least six hours before PCI to achieve an adequate antiplatelet effect.	2
Extensive workup for other causes, including infections, was negative.	2
We report a case of calciphylaxis in a patient with normal renal function and hypoparathyroidism, who responded to treatment with sodium thiosulfate.	2
Proposed mechanisms for phenytoin hypersensitivity include antigen-antibody reactions, alteration of lymphocyte function, and an enzyme abnormality causing the production of toxic metabolites.	2
The patient rejected surgical procedures.	2
The patient developed unusually severe hematological toxicity to chemotherapy as compared to nonsmall cell lung cancer patients without the GD defect.	2
Treatment for up to 2 years with SMS controlled symptoms, suppressed serum gastrin, and suppressed acid secretion.	2
Resolution of recalcitrant warts with IV Cidofovir has been reported in a limited number of cases.	2
Intra-operatively, he suffered inadvertent injury to an intercostal arterial branch during isolation of the aorta below the graft.	2
CONCLUSIONS: RPE tear is a complication that may occur following PDT in particular when the PDT is applied to an occult subfoveal CNV.	2
Eight of the patients required chelation therapy.	2
Treatment brought about a decrease in the extent and depth of osteoid, but matrix abnormalities remained.	2
The infection was arrested but not cured.	2
Flavimonas oryzihabitans is a potential pathogen that may infect patients who have major medical illnesses, especially those who are undergoing surgery or have indwelling venous catheters in situ.	2
Naratriptan 2.5 mg given each morning, with a second tablet allowed for breakthrough headache, at least 4 hours later, demonstrated a remarkable reduction in frequency and intensity of daily headache.	2
In recent years there has been an increase in the use of ACE inhibitors in the paediatric population.	2
Dilatation by a balloon-tipped catheter produced an immediate and sustained reversal of the arteriospasm, together with a dramatic relief of symptoms and signs.	2
Dermatomyositis, complicated with pneumomediastinum, successfully treated with cyclosporine A: a case report and review of literature.	2
Reversal of neuroleptic-induced stupor by procyclidin.	2
Because she could not tolerate ketoconazole and was hypersensitive to griseofulvin, she received itraconazole with complete recovery within 30 days.	2
Several reports also demonstrated the efficacy of rituximab for the treatment of autoimmune cytopenia, especially for cold agglutinin disease.	2
DISCUSSION: Cutaneous IL-2 adverse effects are frequent, but generally mild and reversible.	2
CONCLUSION: The minimum effective dose of im gold is not known.	2
METHODS: Retrospective case series of six eyes of three patients that developed Acanthamoeba keratitis with Synergeyes hybrid contact lens wear.	2
CONCLUSION: Copperhead bites typically result in mild to moderate envenomation due to local tissue effects.	2
Proponents of the use of fluoroscopy cite studies that report up to 35% rates of inaccurate placement of epidural needles without the aid of fluoroscopic imaging.	2
At this time, the TSH response to TRH was normal and the patient was considered fully recovered.	2
This rare association suggests that oral hormone replacement therapy poses a risk of thrombosis especially in patients with cc-TGA after prosthetic valve replacement.	2
She was immediately given C1 esterase-inhibitor concentrate, made a complete recovery and was discharged next day.	2
In 15 to 20% of patients, adverse effects may involve other organ systems.	2
She had no recurrence after 1 year.	2
Immunofluorescent study showed granular deposits of IgG and C3 complement along glomerular basement membranes.	2
We will also discuss the clinical and pathophysiological considerations.	2
He was treated with imatinib 400 mg/d, which improved his general condition with few adverse effects.	2
A case of bullous pemphigoid in a patient on hemodialysis.	2
A 72-year-old woman suffered obtundation, intractable pulmonary edema, acidemia, and irreversible renal insufficiency despite vigorous hemodialysis.	2
Naratriptan was extremely well tolerated, with no cardiovascular adverse events reported or observed.	2
A skin biopsy specimen disclosed intracorneal pustule composed of neutrophils and lymphohistiocytic infiltrate in the dermis.	2
Imaging confirmed this excellent response.	2
After a seizure-free period of 3 months the patient died from hepatic failure resembling Reye syndrome.	2
Growth and spread of malignant cells within the stagnant dilated lymphatics are the likely cause of the characteristic nodular dissemination of the tumor in a lymphedematous extremity, regardless of the type of neoplasm.	2
These findings are significant not only in monitoring amiodarone effects during chronic prophylactic drug therapy but also in providing further insight into the complex interrelation between the action of the drug and the thyroid hormones on cardiac muscle.	2
Secondary leukemia with a translocation (8;21)?	2
The infiltrate resolved in response to topical voriconazole, natamycin, and oral voriconazole.	2
All 4 patients who were recruited completed the procedure successfully without significant difficulty.	2
Fine-needle aspiration cytology (FNA) showed a pleomorphic adenocarcinoma in both the breast and axilla.	2
The anterior mediastinum was closed with an omental flap that was allowed to epithelize spontaneously.	2
A variety of medications have been associated with hypoglycemia, but the list of these medications is expanding.	2
However, the left ventricular ejection fraction was severely decreased (26%), and new regional wall motion abnormalities typical of broken heart syndrome were noted.	2
Aggressive chemotherapy, organ-preserving surgery, and high-dose-rate remote brachytherapy in the treatment of rhabdomyosarcoma in infants and young children.	2
With this therapy the clinical manifestations of Reiter's Syndrome disappeared but sudden abdominal and bronchopulmonary symptoms complicated the picture and the patient died in a septical shock.	2
Physiologic data were analyzed with an analysis of variance, with the Kruskal-Wallis test used for nonparametric data.	2
CONCLUSION: This case highlights the importance of timely application of aggressive measures even in patients with known diagnosis of a fatal malignancy as these interventions can prolong life and be of palliative benefit.	2
Use of clonidine for chemical submission.	2
Affected patients may demonstrate a pattern of self-escalation of dopaminergic medication dosing which may lead to a state of dependency.	2
All patients received prednisolone and azathioprine during the incubation period.	2
He was diagnosed with acute pleuropericarditis by blood tests, electrocardiogram, chest X-ray, and echocardiogram.	2
Cardiac transplantation under new legislation for organ transplantation in Japan: report of two cases.	2
Because the patient had declined surgery, RFA was chosen for therapy.	2
Serum liver tests showed a mean total bilirubin of 1.4 +/- .7 mg/dL (range, .5-2.5) and INR was 1.2 +/- .14 (range, 1.0-1.4).	2
We therefore intended to verify whether a standard (tailored) chemotherapy, without the use of prophylactic blood product transfusions, could be applied during treatment of acute leukaemia under such circumstances.	2
Our data is consistent with the notion that elevated blood levels of PTH in patients with chronic renal failure participate in the genesis of anemia of renal failure.	2
This report describes the case of fungal sinusitis in severely immunocompromised 32-year-old male with common-type acute lymphoblastic leukemia who relapsed after autologous peripheral blood transplantation.	2
The association of CLL and acute leukemia is a rare event described in < 1% of CLL, the type of acute leukemia being either from the lymphoid or more often from the myeloid lineage.	2
In both patients, no known etiologic factors, such as systemic lupus erythematosus, poststreptococcal glomerulonephritis, sickle cell anemia, or acquired immunodeficiency syndrome, were evident.	2
OBJECTIVES: Successful excision of the mass and identification of the causative agent by histologic and microbiologic studies.	2
Anorexia in a 14-year-old girl: why won't she eat?	2
We discuss a patient with a history of a positive tuberculin skin test, who presented with severe, recalcitrant palmoplantar pustular psoriasis with psoriatic arthritis whose symptoms did not resolve with monotherapy of etanercept (Enbrel) or efalizumab (Raptiva) alone, but did respond to a combination of both biologics.	2
Although PTLD is uncommon in the general community, the incidence has continued to increase as more patients undergo transplants and clinical presentations of PTLD should be familiar to the otolaryngologist.	2
This is of concern, particularly in a context of increasing use of immunosuppressive drugs in UC.	2
G-CSF was successful in producing a rise in neutrophil count which coincided with a resolution of fever; there was no adverse effect on renal function.	2
Neurologic manifestations of HIV infection are quite diverse and can develop into seizures.	2
The origin of NIS is outlined briefly and some fundamental clinical and experimental facts are presented, all of which stress the importance of the acute blockade of postsynaptic DA-ergic receptors.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Blood data did not always reflect marrow status.	2
These findings are consistent with recent in vitro literature, which implicate a series of neuroleptic medications with mitochondrial dysfunction.	2
2. Prior to the advent of chemotherapy, this complication was not observed in large series of patients with lymphoproliferative disorders and multiple myeloma.	2
The therapies used for pyoderma gangrenosum include systemic corticosteroids, azathioprine, dapsone, mercaptopurine, sulphasalazine, sulphapyridine, thalidomide, cyclophosphamide, clofazimine, isotretinoin, immunoglobulins and cyclosporin.	2
After 20 months, the patient presented clinical features of primary hypothyroidism.	2
Patients with RA received intradermal (id) injections of di-Lex incorporated in liposome or of high molecular weight glycoprotein, or tumor associated carbohydrate antigen (TCA), containing the same carbohydrate epitope as di-Lex.	2
To put this into perspective, total aplasia of red blood cells for 40 days would result in a drop of 30-33% in the red blood cell count.	2
These patients were treated with cholinesterase inhibitors within a post-marketing surveillance study.	2
This case shows that strong in vivo and in vitro cross-reactivity between standard heparin and LMW heparins may occur, but can be avoided by the use of a novel heparinoid, Org 10172.	2
Although a direct causal relationship between immunosuppression and lymphomatoid granulomatosis is lacking, the association of the two has been described.	2
Knowledge of this interaction and adjustment of the dose of phenytoin should enable clinicians to avoid this adverse drug interaction.	2
The diagnosis, pathogenesis and issues relevant to the treatment of this condition are discussed.	2
To our knowledge, this report describes the first cases of C. striatum causing infection of exist sites of central venous catheters, thrombophlebitis associated with central venous catheters, conjunctivitis, and chorioamnionitis as well as a possible pathogen contributing to peritonitis and pyogenic granuloma.	2
A hematopoietic stem cell transplant recipient developed abdominal pain, pneumatosis intestinalis, hepatitis, pancreatitis, and inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion.	2
It has been shown to possess beneficial effects in reducing the relapse rate in relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis.	2
CONCLUSIONS: These findings suggest that, in patients who are susceptible, the periocular or systemic absorption of inhaled corticosteroids may be sufficient to produce CSC in humans, supporting previous hypotheses regarding the pathogenesis of the disorder.	2
Due to relatively well preserved cellular immunity until 2003, no antiretroviral therapy (HAART) needed to be instituted.	2
If confirmed, this observation may open new possibilities in intensive chemotherapy for patients for whom haematopoietic progenitors are difficult to harvest.	2
Development of malignant breast microcalcifications after neoadjuvant chemotherapy in advanced breast cancer.	2
In addition, three of the four patients had unusual corneal changes.	2
A simple dropper that would withdraw only one drop and deliver the same would resolve this problem.	2
Patients should be injury advised to seek prompt ophthalmic consultation after LASIK.	2
METHODS: The number of reports received, age and sex of the reporters, characteristics of the most frequently reported drugs and characteristics of the ADRs (most frequently reported ADRs, seriousness, outcome) in a 3-year period (April 2004-April 2007) were compared between patient reports and reports from healthcare professionals.	2
Optimal medical management may not be widely recognized.	2
As levodopa abuse has only been described in patients with PD, it was suspected to be promoted by central dopamine depletion (with consequent sensitization of dopamine receptors).	2
Reviewing the literature, another eight cases of acute leukemia after cytotoxic treatment for nonmalignant disease in childhood have been reported.	2
During SIRT, (90)Y-microspheres are infused into the hepatic artery.	2
The most common therapeutic intervention was supportive care alone (48% of patients).	2
Immunoglobulins were not found in the patient's serum and the red cells were coated with C3 only, suggesting an "innocent bystander" reaction.	2
MATERIALS AND METHODS: The clinical stage according to the Japanese Classification of Esophageal Cancer 7th ed. was stage III in 2 cases and stage IVa in 1.	2
Along with normal results of a hepatorenal panel and normal serum vitamin B12 and folate levels, no metabolic or endocrinologic alterations were present to explain the nail pigmentation and dystrophic changes.	2
Occurrence in an immunosuppressed patient with chronic active hepatitis.	2
The coagulation disorders were treated with prothrombin complex concentrate 30 IU/kg IV and vitamin K1 10 mg IV, and values normalized within 36 hours.	2
Indirect immunofluorescence demonstrated dermal binding IgA antibodies, and Western blotting of serum showed reactivity with a 250 kDa dermal antigen corresponding to collagen VII of anchoring fibrils.	2
MANAGEMENT: Intravenous dobutamine and dopamine for cardiogenic shock and discontinuation of interferon alpha-2b.	2
Primary osteogenic sarcoma of the skull.	2
Metabolic imbalance appears as the leading aetiology, among several other hypotheses.	2
A 44-year-old man was admitted for disturbance of consciousness caused by progressive hydrocephalus.	2
In the oncology patient, chemotherapy, corticosteroids and bone marrow transplantation (with associated preparation therapy) have all been implicated as possible causes.	2
Mycophenolate mofetil used previously in transplantation, has recently been shown to be useful in autoimmune blistering disorders.	2
These three men had no known history of familial or personal thyroid disease.	2
She was found to have high protamine-specific, as well as insulin-specific, IgE levels, and because of her poor response to regular insulin desensitization, she was desensitized to both regular and NPH insulin.	2
Strongyloides hyperinfection syndrome has not been reported in lung transplant recipients.	2
Hemodialysis was shown to remove ifosfamide, chloroacetaldehyde, and 4-hydroxyifosfamide from the blood stream.	2
Headache induced by acute exposure to a specific drug constitutes an idiosyncratic side effect.	2
CONCLUSION: When performing posterior cervical decompression, surgeons must be aware of the potential for loss of normal lordosis and anterior displacement of paraspinal muscles against the spinal cord, especially in muscular patients.	2
Three patients (19%) required mechanical ventilation because of deep coma or shock and died within 6 hours.	2
No other drugs were detected.	2
METHOD: Structured review of copperhead exposures reported to a regional poison center from 1997-2000.	2
Ganciclovir-resistant cytomegalovirus (CMV) infection is an emerging problem in transplant recipients.	2
Improvement in the level of arterial blood gases and pulmonary diffusing capacity occurred after discontinuation of methotrexate therapy.	2
The mechanism of the reaction and guidelines for subsequent use of cyclosporine are not well defined.	2
The patient's mental status returned to baseline after treatment with intravenous phenytoin and discontinuation of ifosfamide therapy.	2
On admission to the hospital, the patient was diagnosed and treated as having cholangitis.	2
Non-lithium-induced renal failure with secondary lithium toxicity: case reports.	2
The PSG reports of four other adult groups were also reviewed: periodic limb movement (PLM) disorder (n = 28); sleep terror/sleepwalking (ST/SW) (n = 54); rapid eye movement (REM) sleep behavior disorder (RBD) (n = 70); patients with clinically unremarkable sleep during two consecutive PSG studies (n = 30).	2
Accidental intra-arterial injection of drugs is a sporadic complication in i.v. drug addicts.	2
STUDY DESIGN: A case report.	2
Respiratory symptoms disappeared within a mean of 60 h (48-96 h) of treatment.	2
This implies that TNFalpha may play an important role in the development of this condition.	2
Higher MK-0457 dose levels were associated with clinical responses and down-regulation of CrkL phosphorylation in leukemia cells.	2
Vincristine overdose: experience with 3 patients.	2
The patient was successfully treated by discontinuation of cyclosporine and mycophenolate mofetil, initiation of systemic amphotericin B, and aggressive surgical debridement.	2
This cause of bleeding could not be brought under control endoscopically.	2
Clinical use of oral contraceptives administered vaginally: a case report.	2
The histopathology of the subretinal fibrotic tissue confirmed the diagnosis.	2
Changes in mood, personality, and social function were examined in a group of five Type 1 diabetic patients, aged 50 to 66 years, with duration of diabetes from 24 to 47 years.	2
In three patients who stopped this medication of their own accord, pancreatic stones re-increased or reappeared about 6 months later.	2
RESULTS: The patient developed bilateral central retinal vein occlusions in association with high-dose intravenous immunoglobulins.	2
A senile patient showed a dramatic recovery from medication-resistant depression after non-convulsive electroshock therapy (nc-EST), with a lasting change in response to trazodone, which mainly acts as a serotonin re-uptake inhibitor.	2
CASE REPORT: A 32-year-old man with lymphoblastic lymphoma received treatment with daunorubicin, vincristine, and prednisone.	2
Of these 75% were males.	2
Jude Medical mitral valve prosthesis.	2
Following intensive chemotherapy, one died from acute leukaemia and the second is in complete remission.	2
OBJECTIVE: Omeprazole is one of the most widely prescribed gastric antisecretory drugs.	2
Ticlopidine treatment was stopped, and a prolonged course of prednisone was necessary to treat the pulmonary and intestinal symptoms.	2
We present 2 patients with demonstrated IgE-mediated allergy to cloxacillin and tolerance to amoxicillin and cefuroxime.	2
Due to the escalating rates of community-acquired methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (CA-MRSA) infection, trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole (TMP-SMX) is being used increasingly in the pediatric population for skin and soft tissue infections.	2
Cutaneous biopsy showed hyphae and round inclusions stained with PAS and Gomori-Grocott within a polymorphous granuloma.	2
One child was briefly treated with imipramine, with similar results.	2
Currently available research on the use of risperidone to manage agitation in patients with dementia is discussed.	2
METHODS: A case-note audit of all Christchurch Hospital patients with RA prescribed leflunomide between 2002 and 2006 was performed.	2
Subsequently, in 1998, the observation of a significant 49% reduction in invasive breast cancer relative to placebo in a cohort of women at increased risk for the disease resulted in the early stopping of the National Surgical Adjuvant Breast and Bowel Project's (NSABP) P-1: Breast Cancer Prevention Trial (BCPT).	2
Remission was achieved without hospitalisation in over 60% of patients.	2
METHODS: Four solid organ transplant patients with severe hypoxemic P. jiroveci pneumonia were treated with the combination of trimethoprim-sulfametoxazole and caspofungin.	2
Congenital cytomegalovirus (CMV) infection occurs in approximately 1% of newborns and is the leading infectious cause of congenital birth defects.	2
We discuss this case and issues arising from it related to the use of CD34+ selected stem cells for transplantation.	2
This series of articles facilitated by the Australian Cochrane Musculoskeletal Group (CMSG), aims to place the findings of recent Cochrane musculoskeletal reviews in a context immediately relevant to general practitioners.	2
Bilateral simultaneous achilles tendon ruptures.	2
There was minimum toxicity reported for either of the arms and no treatment related deaths.	2
Patients in this age group receiving antimanic maintenance treatment should keep lithium serum levels as low as possible.	2
At retest visits respectively 18, 19 and 20 years after cessation of hydroxychloroquine, a multifocal electroretinogram was performed in combination with colour vision tests and contrast sensitivity measurements.	2
QTc interval was measured before and after intervention.	2
According to clinical impression some patients showed an improved goal orientation and self-control which could be effects worth to be followed up.	2
The changes were quantitatively and qualitatively similar to those seen in systemic lupud erythematosus induced by these drugs.	2
Dumping syndrome is a sequel of gastric surgery in adults and Nissen fundoplication in children.	2
The four other North American cases are reviewed, and the epidemiology of the infection in animals is discussed.	2
The "pinch-off sign" was noted on a routine chest X-ray but that was ignored.	2
The typical manifestation is an urticarial or erythematous rash, and pruritus on the face and flexural aspects of limbs, followed by progression to dermatitis.	2
Toxic epidermal necrolysis, a life-threatening reaction to certain types of drugs, is characterised by epidermal sloughing of more than 30% of the total body surface area.	2
Intracameral tPA injection resulted in complete resolution of hyphema in all 3 eyes.	2
Both patients developed cardiogenic shock and were treated unsuccessfully with thrombolysis.	2
However, it has not been reported as a cause of peritonitis.	2
Seven months after undergoing a syngeneic PBSC transplant for AML, our patient presented with fever without localizing signs.	2
The episode lasted 1 week and was followed by a dramatic fall in plasma sodium (104 mEq I-1), associated with a proportionally lesser decrease in plasma chloride and phosphate.	2
Lithium serum level was within the therapeutic range.	2
Acute lymphoblastic leukemia as a second malignant neoplasm in a child with medulloblastoma.	2
She received an alcohol-containing tylenol elixir while receiving the drug on two occasions.	2
Five of 610 adults developed chickenpox between 35 days and 9.2 years after renal transplantation, and only one patient survived.	2
The endemic nature of the finding in such a short period of time is outstanding.	2
Our patient died two and a half months after the diagnosis was made due to sepsis caused by Staphylococcus aureus isolated in hemoculture.	2
Steroid utilization in eosinophilic jejunitis: beneficial or harmful?	2
However, epidural infusion of local anaesthetic caused a delay in recognising a potential neurological complication.	2
The authors report a woman who took a massive overdose (OD) of carbamazepine (CBZ).	2
Role of early diagnosis for a noninvasive treatment of pulmonary thromboembolism in leukemic children.	2
Clinical guidelines for the use of clonidine in particular and the use of polypharmacy in general are presented.	2
Pramipexole is a Food and Drug Administration-approved antiparkinsonian agent, which, when used to augment antidepressants, would be considered an off-label use and should be discussed with the patient.	2
Dapsone, a potent antiparasitic and anti-inflammatory compound, is mainly used in the treatment of leprosy and a variety of blistering skin diseases.	2
Infiltrative ophthalmopathy and primary hypothyroidism: a rare clinical manifestation of a common disease.	2
Portions of the UL97 and UL54 genes were amplified and compared to the AD169 wild-type strain.	2
Selective catheterization of the tumor vessels is the established standard in TACE.	2
Although activated clotting time (ACT) monitoring is encouraged to verify the adequacy of anticoagulation during the procedures, this is not a common practice in many laboratories.	2
This strategy resulted in a disappearance of clinical symptoms and a negative positron emission tomogram.	2
The syndrome of "painful legs and moving toes" is characterised by spontaneous causalgic pain in the lower extremities associated with peculiar involuntary movements of the toes and feet.	2
She admitted that she often induced the episode herself and derived pleasure out of it.	2
A biopsy specimen showed pleural and parenchymal fibrosis.	2
The case reported here concerns the resolution of severe insomnia in a patient with global hypopituitary insufficiency upon adjustment of triple HRT to quadruple HRT.	2
Treatment of pemphigus commonly entails both corticosteroids and steroid-sparing agents.	2
There is no case of acute bilateral parotitis reported previously with i.v. enalaprilat.	2
It seems that trigeminal manipulation during dental treatment as well as increased serum levels of induced epinephrine mainly by stress and pain, and the small amounts absorbed from the site of local anesthesia might produce abrupt elevation of blood pressure, subsequent increase in cerebral blood flow and severe, even fatal intracerebral hemorrhage.	2
This agent has severe teratogenic effects, as serious craniofacial, cardiovascular, thymic and central nervous system malformations.	2
The results of this pilot study demonstrate that fluoxetine safely and effectively suppresses cataplexy and reduces the need for other, less desirable, anticataplectic agents.	2
We present a severe case of TPP in a 22-year-old Latino male with rapidly progressive ascending paralysis and hypokalemia severe enough to lead to cardiac arrest.	2
However, in approximately 80% of the population, the inferior cervical ganglion is fused with the first thoracic ganglion, forming the stellate ganglion also known as cervicothoracic ganglion.	2
A complete remission was achieved twice.	2
BACKGROUND: In patients after treatment for malignant brain tumors, a clear distinction between tumor recurrence and radiation necrosis can be challenging.	2
RESULTS: Complete clinical response was obtained in both patients.	2
The source of fever was never identified, although infection with cytomegalovirus was considered the most likely cause.	2
Nocardia is an important opportunistic infectious agent in immunocompromised hosts, i.e. in patients taking corticosteroids.	2
These studies indicate that rhEPO can be administered safely in very high doses to patients with MDS and that 24% of these patients will respond with increased erythropoiesis.	2
Both the temporal association and pathologic findings suggest that the hyperbaric treatment is likely to have been responsible for the resulting complications.	2
The five human eyes of three patients have shown no evidence of intraocular toxicity with a median follow-up time of 3.6 months (range 2.0-6.4 months).	2
Few have been described after liver transplantation.	2
The case described here adds to the body of information about the possible causes of thyrotoxic ophthalmopathy.	2
BACKGROUND: Controversy exists regarding the timing of thrombolytic administration and rupture rate.	2
A single case of encephalopathy and three cases of peripheral neuropathy are the only neurotoxicities reported.	2
On this mechanistic basis, we treated three consecutive patients with metastatic PEComa with an oral mTOR inhibitor, sirolimus.	2
Motor neuron involvement in a patient with long-term corticosteroid administration.	2
Capecitabine reaches peak blood concentrations in about 1.5 hours, with peak fluorouracil concentrations occurring at 2 hours.	2
The latter two comprised a 42-year-old female with schizoaffective psychosis and a 35-year-old male with paranoid schizophrenia.	2
Acute psychotic reaction with visual hallucination, delusion, panic reaction and myoclonic movement of hands developed on day 3 of admission.	2
In early 1983, an outbreak of illness caused by raw milk contaminated with multiple-antimicrobial-resistant Salmonella typhimurium occurred in Arizona.	2
Conspicuous endoscopic appearance of ventriculitis caused by coagulase-negative staphylococci.	2
The second patient, a 39-year-old man, showed endophthalmitis of the right eye.	2
Interestingly in one of our patients, the arthritis was almost asymptomatic and did not spread to other organs.	2
Quantification of circulating varicella-zoster virus DNA for follow-up in a case of visceral varicella-zoster infection ameliorated with intravenous acyclovir.	2
Their criticisms also differed from a third criticism contained in the article as well as the protocol being advocated in the article, thus contravening the claim that there is one prescribed protocol which must be followed.	2
Immunoblastic lymphoma developed in a patient diagnosed as having angioimmunoblastic lymphadenopathy 5 years earlier.	2
The remission of nephrotic syndrome after treatment of Strongyloides infection strongly suggests the possibility of Strongyloides-associated glomerulonephritis.	2
The profound hyperkalemia that occurred in these two patients is thought to be the result of an inability to metabolize the administered arginine and excrete the excess extracellular potassium.	2
To our knowledge, this is the first reported case of drug-induced lung disease involving a leukotriene.	2
Folinic acid rescue used routinely in psoriatic patients with known methotrexate "sensitivity".	2
Three case reports.	2
Postoperative analgesia was withheld secondary to intermittent oxygen desaturation.	2
The microbiologic diagnosis was established after valvectomy, which was necessitated by failure of empiric antibiotics to eradicate the infection.	2
For 9 years the patient remained totally asymptomatic.	2
Hemoglobin electrophoresis and methemoglobin reductase determinations were normal for age.	2
Many new serotonergic antidepressants have been introduced over the past decade.	2
Here we report the case of a 43-year-old Japanese woman with acute myelogenous leukemia who underwent 2 unrelated cord blood transplantations (UCBT), terminating in fatal disseminated tuberculosis (TB).	2
Seizures in the neonatal period generally respond well to anticonvulsant therapy, but exposure to anticonvulsant medication during the first few months of life may have a detrimental influence on growth and development.	2
In the two cases, a combination of iloprost, a stable prostacyclin analogue (1 to 2 ng/kg/mn) with aspirin and dipyridamole was shown to inhibit ex vivo the heparin-induced platelet aggregation.	2
METHODS: This is a retrospective, open-label study of 24 patients; 18 of whom were not responding to accepted medication for treatment of their TS and six of whom were receiving no medication.	2
Amiodarone was discontinued after discussion with the cardiologist.	2
A biopsy, performed 6 months later when the clinical appearance worsened, showed no tumor tissue.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Prompt and appropriate identification and intervention are essential for successful management of SS and NMS.	2
The physician should be aware of this complication before in initiating treatment with this drug.	2
Pharmacokinetically induced benzodiazepine withdrawal.	2
Pharmacologic and psychotherapeutic issues in coexistent paranoid schizophrenia and narcolepsy: case report.	2
Ventricular fibrillation during transesophageal atrial pacing in an infant with Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome.	2
Careful clinical and biochemical monitoring seems necessary in children with primary glomerulonephritis, other than those transplanted, after IVPMP, and factors predisposing to neurologic sequelae should be further defined.	2
Acute popliteal artery occlusion after arthroscopic posterior cruciate ligament reconstruction.	2
Manifestations of ocular blastomycosis can range from keratitis to panophthalmitis, and it is often difficult to diagnose ocular blastomycosis early.	2
Interferon-beta (IFN-beta) is a type I interferon used in the management of multiple sclerosis.	2
Furosemide, spironolactone, hydroxyurea, allopurinol, and docusate were all reintroduced without reactivation of the lesions.	2
Screening for CMV infection in pregnant women receiving immunosuppressive drugs is recommended.	2
This syndrome has been previously reported following cisplatin-based chemotherapy.	2
An inverse correlation was found between plasma potassium and doses of phosphate (plasma potassium = -0.2 g phosphate + 3.9 r = -0.49; p < 0.05; N = 21).	2
These side effects include agranulocytosis, seizures, and cardiorespiratory symptoms.	2
A case is reported in which a several-fold increase in transaminases and gamma-GT was detected in an elderly male patient with fatty liver.	2
Glucocorticoids were administered at dosages that provided 1/3 to 1/2 of her expected maximal daily cortisol secretion during her complicated hospital course.	2
DISCUSSION: Toxic epidermal necrolysis is an infrequent, yet often fatal, severe, systemic, cutaneous disease most often the result of an adverse drug reaction.	2
The antibiotic and cyclosporine were stopped and the child was managed with furosemide, nifedipine and steroids.	2
The medical and ophthalmic literature was reviewed for current use of these medications as well as for the reported incidence of visual side effects.	2
In two patients, aprotinin infusion was added to heparin to treat bleeding, occurring after few days of bypass and responsible for respiratory and hemodynamic deterioration.	2
Eight plasmaphereses were performed over six weeks.	2
After 4 months, the pain had almost entirely disappeared.	2
The recombinant human IgG1 monoclonal antibody specific for human TNF-a adalimumab (Humira) has been recently introduced for the treatment of moderate/severe psoriasis.	2
Squamous cell carcinoma with MAHA, on the other hand, has not often been reported in the English literature.	2
This patient developed severe lipoatrophy with the use of a premixed insulin containing the analogue insulin aspart.	2
Leukemia was treated with courses of adriblastin, cytosine arabinoside, and thioguanin (DAT protocol), with a 8 months' survival.	2
Until the mechanism of action responsible for fluid overload is known, we suggest that thiazolidinediones be administered with caution in all patients.	2
Pseudomonas spp. are of increasing importance in human immunodeficiency virus-infected children causing significant morbidity and increased hospitalization.	2
Post transplant lymphoproliferative disorder (PTLD) involving the brain was seen in 2% of the liver allografts, 3% of the heart, and 7% of the heart-lung recipients.	2
After the second course he developed persistent symptoms of nausea, vomiting, and pain.	2
Although she had been in complete remission (CR), the structure of the left lung was severely degraded.	2
And the importance of instituting prompt diagnosis and proper treatment should also be stressed.	2
New onset rapid cycling bipolar disorder in an 87 year old woman.	2
METHODS: Seven young children with RMS were treated from January 1990 through September 1991 with multiagent chemotherapy, organ preserving surgery, and HDR.	2
Histological examination of the resected specimen demonstrated the strong affinity for Congo red and yellow-green birefringence that are characteristic of cerebral amyloid angiopathy.	2
Myocardial infarction in a parturient.	2
Use of heliox for intraoperative bronchospasm: a case report.	2
We report 2 cases of patients receiving sunitinib for metastatic renal cell carcinoma while undergoing dialysis.	2
A case of acute pleuropericarditis, which occurred after apparently successful percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) for chronic total occlusion of the right coronary artery, is reported.	2
Two patients with Parkinson's disease with pedunculopontine nucleus (PPN) stimulation for gait impairments reported "trembling vision" during the setting of the electrical parameters, although there was no clinically observable abnormal eye movement.	2
Maintenance dosages controlled the condition thereafter.	2
Delirium after cessation of glucocorticoid therapy.	2
This case report describes a rare combination of facial dermatologic toxicity and ectropion.	2
Pseudomembranous colitis in a leukaemia unit: a report of five fatal cases.	2
SETTING: Spinal cord rehabilitation center, University Hospital.	2
Childhood methanol ingestion treated with fomepizole and hemodialysis.	2
DATA SYNTHESIS: The first case describes a 15-year-old boy who received valproic acid and carbamazepine for partial seizures.	2
We also found a severe decrease in her serum total carnitine level of 22 micromol/l (normal range 45-91 micromol/l) before changing the diet, suggesting secondary carnitine deficiency.	2
Proctoscopic examination revealed a spotty mucous exudate.	2
According to the Naranjo adverse drug reaction probability scale, the development of KS in this case was probably associated with the imatinib treatment (score, 5-8).	2
Brain biopsy in all three disclosed PML and marked perivascular lymphoplasmacytic infiltration.	2
This technique has the advantage of being simple, economical and nonallergic.	2
Most reactions develop cutaneously.	2
Twenty-six patients with mycosis fungoides were treated topically with three nitrosourea compounds: carmustine (BCNU), lomustine (CCNU), and 1-methyl-1-nitrosourea.	2
We believe serum triglyceride levels should be monitored in patients who have other cardiac risk factors and are receiving clozapine.	2
It includes a description of the complication, how it occurred, was recognized, and corrected.	2
Her body mass index (BMI) was 26.5.	2
Multiagent chemotherapy alone was successful in achieving a durable remission and euthyroid state.	2
Patients receiving combination therapy with colchicine and simvastatin, particularly in the presence of renal insufficiency, should be monitored for the development of myopathy, including rhabdomyolysis.	2
Salmonella meningitis and multiple cerebral abscesses in an infant.	2
Arterial occlusive events during chemotherapy for germ cell cancer.	2
OBJECTIVE: Our purpose was to test the efficacy of stanozolol, a drug capable of fibrinolytic enhancement, in treating cutaneous ulcers caused by cryofibrinogenemia.	2
IMPLICATIONS: Oral Ketamine, an NMDA receptor antagonist, can be used to treat restless legs syndrome.	2
We present a case of PG arising in the context of DA use for restless legs syndrome.	2
Itraconazole withdrawal was followed by rapid improvement, with neurologic examination returning to normal within 6 weeks.	2
Somatostatin analog (octreotide) in management of neonatal postoperative chylothorax: is it safe?	2
The reversal of symptoms and radiographic demonstration of relief of obstruction after oral steroid therapy are discussed.	2
The patient developed a broad-QRS-tachycardia and severe hypotension.	2
The patient then developed profound bradycardia that progressed to ventricular fibrillation and asystole.	2
Two patients developed hypersensitivity to nitrosourea compounds.	2
Following therapy with ABLC her fever abated, her chest X-ray findings improved, and her hepatic function tests improved with eventual resolution.	2
A case of renal artery thrombosis attributable to umbilical artery catheterization, resulting in malignant renovascular hypertension, in a 15-day-old neonate, treated by catheter-directed thrombolysis through the involuting umbilical artery, was studied.	2
These changes, in combination with care providers' fear of opioids, often lead to the inappropriate use of antagonists, such as naloxone.	2
Therapy to relieve the compression was disappointing.	2
Trigeminal trophic syndrome with features of oral CMV disease.	2
After a second course of hemodialysis the next day the patient's mental status improved, and she was discharged 5 d later.	2
Concurrent use of reteplase and lepirudin in the treatment of acute anterior wall myocardial infarction.	2
OBJECTIVE: Neuroleptic Malignant Syndrome (NMS) is a rare but potentially lethal form of drug-induced hyperthermia.	2
Thirteen bacteremias and 25 nonbacteremic infections caused by Pseudomonas spp. occurred in 22 of 236 children with human immunodeficiency virus infection with a rate of infection of 0.098 (bacteremia, 0.030) per patient year.	2
Growth hormone deficiency after localized ganglioneuroblastoma: A case report.	2
Intraoperative Healon5 injection into blebs for small conjunctival breaks created during trabeculectomy.	2
Death occurred 4 to 16 weeks later.	2
Both patients were normal in the initial study, but later developed pathological diploid cell lines with structural chromosome abnormalities.	2
We present a patient with typical aquagenic pruritus who responded well to PUVA, and who has remained well controlled on infrequent maintenance.	2
Chryseobacterium indologenes bacteraemia in a diabetic child.	2
A 57-year-old male developed an adenocarcinoma lung cancer in November 2003.	2
Additional drugs present included hydrocodone and morphine (nonconjugated) at 0.16 and 0.04 microg/mL, respectively.	2
The calculated median cumulative dose of gemcitabine was 20,000 mg/m(2) (range, 2,450 to 48,000 mg/m(2), or a total of 70,000 mg).	2
Trimethadione treatment may be a useful tool for chemical dissolution of pancreatic stones.	2
We present a case of an elderly patient with systemic lupus erythematosus diagnosed more than 40 years ago, who suffered from recurrent fractures and attendant complications despite a bone mineral density (BMD) score in the osteopenic range and treatment with bisphosphonates.	2
In this paper we present the first doxorubicin extravasation through a central catheter in adults and review the only ten cases found in the literature.	2
An aqueous humor tap was performed and sent for polymerase chain reaction analyses of Herpes simplex, Herpes zoster, and Mycobacterium tuberculosis (MT).	2
Aorto-oesophageal fistula complicating carcinoma of the oesophagus.	2
The patient was treated by local excision and corticosteroids were decreased.	2
On the other hand, 13 patients had no histologically verified liver cirrhosis in their latest biopsy, and PIIINP was within the normal range in all 11 patients investigated, this in spite of total cumulative MTX doses from 1,120 to 18,645 mg (mean 7,171 mg).	2
Primary pneumococcal peritonitis complicated by exudative pleural effusion in an adolescent girl.	2
The fibrinolytic state was achieved with a combination of intravenous and intraarterial infusions of urokinase.	2
The tube was removed by external traction, without any abdominal incision, and a different site was used for the insertion of a new percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy tube.	2
48 h after interrupting treatment, she recovered normal neurological status and 500 mg of valacyclovir every 2 days was effective and well tolerated.	2
Experimental therapeutic approaches focus on the restitution of microcirculation (endothelin receptor antagonists, atriopeptins), interference with cast formation (integrin receptor blockers), and the promotion of recovery by growth factors.	2
A case study is presented of a licensed practical nurse who developed persistent contact dermatitis.	2
Our results suggest that rituximab and possibly irradiated DLI played an important role in controlling early EBV-LPD in these two patients and may be an effective alternative therapeutic strategy for patients who develop EBV-LPD post transplant and are unable to receive unmanipulated DLI.	2
This case presents a patient with neuropathic pain in a lower extremity, which appeared subsequent to the removal of a C1 meningioma and which was successfully treated by lower thoracic spinal cord stimulation.	2
We report the case of a 13-year-old boy who was known to have Fanconi's anemia for five years.	2
Influence of physiologic hormonal modification and of hormonal treatment in a patient with a history of migraine with aura.	2
Clonazepam in the treatment of prepubertal children with panic-like symptoms.	2
DISCUSSION: Renal elimination is not a significant pathway of elimination for anastrozole, clearance of anastrozole is unchanged even in severe renal impairment.	2
DISCUSSION: NMS is a rare but potentially fatal reaction associated with neuroleptic drugs.	2
Rare side effects of nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drugs are recognized with increasing frequency.	2
On admission, serum calcium and albumin was 3.5 mg/dl and 3.7 g/dl respectively.	2
The patient was successfully treated with early surgery and combination antifungal therapy.	2
Two cases of ovarian torsion after gamete intra-Fallopian transfer are described and the roles of ovarian manipulation during the procedure, ovarian hyperstimulation and pregnancy as predisposing factors are discussed.	2
Staphylococcal pyomyositis in a patient with non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.	2
At least some patients with AL amyloidosis achieve complete remission of their plasma cell dyscrasia, improvement in performance status, and clinical remission of organ-specific disease after this form of treatment.	2
The mortality rate is as high as 21-48% according to a recent review.	2
Within 8 hours after initiation of therapy the patient died with a clinical picture resembling massive pulmonary obstruction due to choriocarcinomic tissue plugs, probably originating from the uterus.	2
Anesthesiologists and surgeons should be aware of this uncommon complication than can occur with the use of peritonsillar bupivacaine infiltration for pain control in tonsil surgery.	2
The patient was treated with octreotide 20 mg, at monthly interval.	2
She was patch tested to European Standard Series, including BP 1% in white petrolatum, and to the 10% BP-containing gel previously used by herself, showing positivity on day 2 to BP 1% and to the 10% BP-containing gel.	2
Alternatively, certain viral infections could induce leukopenia.	2
Initially, the mental changes were thought to be related to the operation.	2
Perhexiline maleate is an agent currently under investigation in Canada that is used for angina unresponsive to other treatment.	2
We report a case in which ARB was given to the mother from the first trimester until 26 weeks' gestation.	2
A desensitization regimen was administered, and she has tolerated all subsequent courses of carboplatin therapy.	2
Adult patients with transfusional hemosiderosis were given ascorbic acid and treated with the iron chelator, desferrioxamine B.	2
OBJECTIVE: To report a case of spontaneous hemothorax following anticoagulation with low-molecular-weight heparin (LMWH) for the management of suspected pulmonary embolism.	2
Philadelphia chromosome-positive acute lymphoblastic leukemia secondary to chemoradiotherapy for Ewing sarcoma.	2
Abdominal examination and laboratory studies were not clinically remarkable.	2
One was infected by PVB19-contaminated blood transfusion, whereas the other had become infected naturally.	2
One of the 3 patients was reexposed to etanercept later on.	2
In all cases the presentation was atypical, and in two cases the course was protracted, leading to some visual loss from corneal scarring and opacification.	2
Reinstitution of the chemotherapeutic regimen once again led to an increase in INR.	2
We describe two cases of drug-induced myopathy during long-term treatment of chronic hepatitis B with clevudine.	2
However, such bacteria may also be involved in various postoperative orthopedic infections, including prosthetic joint infection.	2
Experience in the current case suggests that preventive measures for tumor lysis syndrome, including allopurinol and hydration, should be taken for patients with high leukemia burden who receive imatinib therapy, and parameters of tumor lysis should be monitored in the early phase of therapy.	2
At postmortem examination, the characteristic microvascular lesions of the hemolytic-uremic syndrome were found in the kidneys.	2
METHODS: Prospective, interventional, single case report.	2
We describe a 66-year-old woman with chronic paranoid schizophrenia who was prescribed olanzapine along with several other psychiatric drugs and an antihypertensive drug.	2
We present in this article the clinical features and autopsy findings of a steroid-dependent subject with asthma who died of acute, disseminated varicella.	2
Primary sensory symptoms in parkinsonism.	2
His renal function returned to baseline 14 days later with supportive care, folinic acid rescue, and urinary alkalinization.	2
Appropriate methods for sterilizing endoscopes are reviewed, including sterilization with 2.5 per cent glutaraldehyde solution and ethylene oxide gas.	2
DESIGN: Interventional case report.	2
A 17-year-old girl with a history of wearing cosmetic contact lenses presented with keratitis.	2
Based on a Naranjo score of 7, this episode was probably related to an interaction between acenocoumarol and econazole.	2
The risk of developing NMS under atypical neuroleptics seems lower than under typical neuroleptics.	2
The treatment was discontinued and after 2 months the liver parameters became normal.	2
A case report.	2
Over several weeks, all neurologic and imaging deficits resolved.	2
BACKGROUND: Visceral leishmaniasis is a protozoan infection usually asymptomatic, but can progress to fatal disease in immunocompromised hosts, especially in HIV patients.	2
While a causal relationship with haematological malignancies cannot be demonstrated, long-term follow-up among healthy individuals who receive haematopoietic growth factors is needed.	2
The importance of the need to avoid misdiagnosing heat stroke as neuroleptic malignant syndrome is reviewed.	2
We encountered two cases of macular infarction that occurred after vitrectomy performed for mild endophthalmitis, which, on culture, yielded Staphylococcus epidermidis.	2
This is despite relatively poor clearance of the drug through peritoneal dialysis.	2
Electromyography, muscle biopsy, and the course of the patient's illness were consistent with polymyositis.	2
Pathophysiology of this disease is manifold and has been discussed as a posthemorrhagic complication as well as a neurological complication after operations with cardiopulmonary bypass.	2
Patients with cell-mediated immune defects are at higher risk for acquiring infections with Salmonella species.	2
Eight deaths that occurred during Upjohn-sponsored clinical trials of topical minoxidil and two deaths in subjects who used extemporaneous formulations of the drug are summarized.	2
After 2 months, visual acuity and ocular hyperemia returned to baseline levels.	2
The liver also showed peliosis hepatis.	2
BACKGROUND: Platinum-based chemotherapy agents have been associated with potentially fatal acute immune-mediated hemolytic anemia.	2
Treatment of the underlying cause and supportive care constitute the basic principles of management of disseminated intravascular coagulation.	2
The authors present two patients in whom it was necessary to substitute the Erwinia enzyme for the E. coli enzyme because of the occurrence of severe allergic reactions to the E. coli enzyme.	2
Severe hyperphosphatemia associated with tumor lysis in a patient with T-cell leukemia.	2
Differential diagnosis is very important and anti-tuberculous drugs must be continued if the diagnosis is tuberculosis.	2
The patient improved within 10 d with reduced ocular swelling and pain, and 6 months after therapy stop, she is in good health and cultures are sterile.	2
Even though the pathogenic mechanism of acute leukemia after cytotoxic treatment is not known, the possibility must be considered that the incidence of this malignant disease is increased after cytotoxic treatment for nonmalignant diseases.	2
The neonatal lamotrigine elimination half-life was approximately twice that seen in adults.	2
With serious cases, however, conventional treatment may not allow sufficient time at depth for the complete resolution of manifestations because of the need to avoid pulmonary oxygen toxicity which is associated with a prolonged period of breathing compressed air.	2
Such reactions have been described in patients receiving certain drugs such as 5-nitroimidazoles, nitrofurans, sulfonylureas and certain newer cephalosporins with a methyltetrazolethiol side chain.	2
If epidural analgesia is used, opioids may be preferred over local anaesthetics in the immediate postoperative period to prevent masking of an anterior spinal artery syndrome.	2
Reported cases include probable pulmonary TB (1), pneumocystis pneumonia (1), other pulmonary infection (2), and septicemia (3) including a case of infective endocarditis.	2
Our first patient developed rippling muscles about 1 month after infection with Yersinia enterocolitica.	2
The patient was treated with ethanol, then fomepizole intravenously (15, 10, then 5 mg/kg), and hemodialysis.	2
With this therapy left ventricular function improved and CHF resolved in each.	2
They had not been transfusion-dependent prior to treatment.	2
Calcium intake in these infants was far below that achieved by fetuses of comparable age in utero, even though in excess of that provided by usual premature infant oral formulas.	2
Coexistence of psoriasis and subacute cutaneous lupus erythematosus (SCLE) is unusual.	2
Although this therapy has a very low toxicity profile, an increase in secondary cancers has been reported.	2
Symptoms were slow to resolve after penicillamine treatment was discontinued, and four of the patients needed corticosteroid therapy.	2
Ten months after discontinuing tamoxifen, she underwent exploratory laparotomy for a right adnexal mass suspected as ovarian malignancy.	2
Hyperpigmentation is one of the cutaneous side effects of chemotherapautic agents, but it is usually accepted as a cosmetic problem.	2
Several cases of nephrotic syndrome occurring after BMT have already been reported, but most cases had membranous nephropathy.	2
The mirtazapine plasma-level was 368 ng/ml still after 41 hours.	2
These patients require not only treatment of their acute medical problems but also specialized multidisciplinary acute rehabilitation starting as early as possible during their hospital stay.	2
The use of plasma exchange in quinine-TMA is called into question.	2
He also presented with skin and lip lesions considered to be chronic graft-versus host disease.	2
Epidural steroid therapy is a commonly applied "conservative" therapy, but it is not inherently benign.	2
This review provides an evidence and experience-based approach to the preventive treatment of migraine.	2
Despite withdrawal of antiretroviral therapy a proximal myopathy developed.	2
An 11-year-old, 25-kg girl with congenital myelomeningocele was scheduled for posterior spinal fusion because of progressive scoliosis.	2
Since August, 1989, the primary immunosuppressive agent is FK-506 (Tacrolimus).	2
The patient exhibited clinical regression and functional improvement.	2
Two patients were treated with bretylium tosylate for malignant ventricular arrhythmias after inadequate response to conventional agents.	2
When the dermatology service consulted the following day, the patient had developed an erythematous, edematous, tender plaque on his chest.	2
Spontaneous compartment syndrome in a patient with diabetes insipidus.	2
We followed these patients by A scan ultrasonographic ocular measurements, documenting reduction of the anterior chamber depth combined with lens thickening.	2
At presentation, all patients were presumed to have classic DLK and were treated initially with aggressive topical steroids.	2
Sprague Dawley and Brown Norway rats were ovariectomized and randomly assigned to treatment groups (subcutaneous implantation of either a capsule containing 20 mg 17beta-estradiol or an empty capsule, as a control).	2
All three patients had previously experienced good responses to sumatriptan or zolmitriptan, but were limited in frequency of use by the authors.	2
Therapy-related acute myeloid leukemia with 11q23 abnormality coexisting with refractory metastatic Ewing sarcoma: report of a case and review of the literature.	2
Looking at calcimimetics impact on hypercalcemia of immobilization: hypotheses and a case study.	2
Correction after vitamin K administration suggested an organophosphate-related effect on vitamin K-dependent factor VII activity.	2
Medication comprises of bronchodilators, corticosteroids and anticholinergic drugs.	2
This form of ARF is characteristically anuric and follows a distinctive clinical course.	2
Patients may not mention it among their medicines, since it is so commonly used and they regulate it themselves.	2
RESULTS: Five of the six patients experienced intolerable exacerbation of parkinsonism.	2
We present a patient with documented pacemaker related left-sided endocarditis associated with an acute embolic stroke who was treated with antibiotics with complete recovery and its two-year follow up.	2
CONCLUSION: We conclude that stanozolol is a safe and effective treatment of the cutaneous manifestations of cryofibrinogenemia.	2
Bilateral simultaneous Achilles tendon ruptures are rare, with only ten cases reported in the English literature.	2
Hepatic and peritoneal metastases are the most frequent metastatic lesions in patients with gastrointestinal stromal tumors (GIST), and may result in intra- or extrahepatic cholestasis and altered drug metabolism.	2
Drug-induced pericarditis mimicking Brugada syndrome.	2
MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: A patient recovering from acute respiratory distress syndrome developed septic shock from Pseudomonas aeruginosa bacteremia while in the medical intensive care unit.	2
Angioimmunoblastic lymphadenopathy (AILD) may respond to thalidomide treatment: two case reports.	2
Inflammatory cells were quantitated and compared with inflammatory cells in normal upper tarsal conjunctivae.	2
This study underscores the risks of routinely administering protamine to susceptible individuals and the need for alternative therapies.	2
Fluoroquinolones have rarely been implicated in cases of toxic epidermal necrolysis.	2
Remission of lymphoma after drug withdrawal in rheumatoid arthritis.	2
Recommended treatment duration is 6 to 12 months with frequent imaging.	2
Shortly after hepatic artery clamping the patient developed a massive intracardiac/intravascular thrombosis that resulted in cardiac arrest.	2
Indirect assessment of endogenous TRH reserve capacity was consistent with impairment of endogenous TRH activity.	2
Exposures to 4-hydroxycyclophosphamide, the combination of thiotepa/tepa and carboplatin were 94%, 117% and 71% higher than the median respective exposures in a non-obese population of patients ( n=24) receiving similar doses.	2
Two patients with surgically implanted right atrial silastic catheters for home hyperalimentation developed central vein septic thrombophlebitis.	2
Reversible renal failure associated with angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors in polycystic kidney disease.	2
We present two sets of monozygotic twins with twin-to-twin transfusion, where in utero ductal closure occurred in the donor twin while the recipient twin appeared unaffected.	2
In the untreated infant with Menkes Kinky Hair Syndrome, copper concentrations in brain and liver are deficient, while excessive copper accumulates in other tissues.	2
Close monitoring for the development of a deep thrombosis of the popliteal vein is required.	2
TMP/SMX is primarily used for the treatment of pneumocystis carinii pneumonia prophylaxis in AIDS patients.	2
Two female patients presented nodular erythematous lesions overlying a permanent tattooed eyebrow and lip, respectively.	2
We report the case of a patient who co-ingested a tricyclic antidepressant (2500 mg of doxepin) and a neuroleptic drug (3500 mg of prothipendyl).	2
The first patient displayed symptoms resembling those of organic brain syndrome which was not associated with a high serum lithium level.	2
Mechanisms for creating this effective host response need further investigation.	2
We report a patient with multiple myeloma who suffered from hyperammonemia after a second stem cell autograft.	2
Histopathology of maculae showed extensive collections of melanophages in the upper dermis.	2
Research has shown that atypical antipsychotic also reduce the craving and consumption for stimulants and alcohol.	2
PATIENT AND METHODS: We report on a patient suffering from metastatic rectal cancer.	2
Successful treatment of massive pulmonary embolism with prolonged catheter-directed thrombolysis.	2
Three patients showed marked improvement (decrease in VAS, >75%).	2
It is suggested that cholestyramine, by reducing vitamin D absorption, precipitated the rapid development of osteomalacia in this patient.	2
Arrhythmias are the most common major complications encountered during pediatric cardiac catheterizations.	2
Albendazole is an antibiotic that is chemically related to metronidazole.	2
In the instances that it does occur, previous liver disease or failure to be abstinent from alcohol are thought to be causative.	2
Macrolide antibiotics cause ototoxicity, which occurs most frequently when high serum concentrations are achieved.	2
Physical examination revealed a healthy appearance of the palms; however, 5 min after immersion of the hands in warm water, the central part of the left palm became swollen and tiny white papules with dilated puncta appeared.	2
Engraftment occurred on day +35.	2
The respiratory effects of morphine and the particular risks posed to the elderly patient are discussed.	2
For neurologists faced with the task of treating PD patients, the available array of medications may be confusing and intimidating.	2
Extrapulmonary disseminated tuberculosis also involving bone and liver was eventually diagnosed and proven by means of specific polymerase chain reaction assay.	2
We present a report summarizing our experience and problems with six patients who had a clinical picture of NE and offer a short review of the current literature on the subject.	2
He was subsequently followed on a regular basis with repeated measurement of lead levels in blood and bone (using a K-x-ray fluorescence instrument) as well as clinical parameters.	2
Conventional explanations of the decline in renal function with ACE inhibition do not account for irreversible decrements in renal function.	2
Transthoracic echocardiography showed a mass in the LA.	2
CONCLUSION Inhibition of mTORC1, pathologically activated by loss of the TSC1/TSC2 tumor suppressor complex, is a rational mechanistic target for therapy in PEComas.	2
In addition, we review recent data to indicate how concurrent use of antifolates may place these children at particular risk for adverse psychological reactions.	2
Intracameral injection of tPA seems to be a safe and effective method for the treatment of unresolved total hyphema.	2
The intention of this case report is to raise awareness for anyone prescribing ciprofloxacin as treatment for infected diabetic and ischemic ulcers.	2
We studied the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenocortical axis in two female patients before and during treatment with CPH82.	2
The patient had a history of four resections since the age of 19 years.	2
Case report: severe gastrointestinal inflammation and persistent HHV-6B infection in a paediatric cancer patient.	2
A 36-year-old man with AIDS and relapsing, nonproductive cough.	2
Hepatic Sinusoidal Obstruction Syndrome (HSOS), the new name given to veno-occlusive disease (VOD) of the liver, is a well-known complication of high-dose chemotherapy employed with hematopoietic stem cell transplantation, but it has rarely been observed in children who receive conventional chemotherapy.	2
Three children completely recovered; one patient relapsed and died.	2
Although many of the patients have underlying heart disease, there are reports of patients with no evident heart disease where acute alcohol injestion has caused arrhythmias.	2
He was discharged on March 15; myoclonic muscle spasms began that afternoon.	2
Eighty infants with proliferative retinopathy of prematurity (ROP) were treated with peripheral retinal cryoablation.	2
Understanding this array allows the astute clinician to improve the lives of their patients with PD.	2
The child was on no other medication and had been previously well.	2
Here is a case report on acute myelogenous leukemia, which developed after 63 months following the completion of treatment with surgery and platinum-based chemoradiation in a patient of carcinoma cervix IB.	2
In the transplantation literature, MMF has been noted to lower red blood cell counts.	2
Clinicians should monitor patients receiving this drug for signs of LABD.	2
Exacerbated radiodermatitis and bilateral subdural hemorrhage after whole brain irradiation combined with epidermal growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitors for brain metastases in lung cancer.	2
The patients differed with regard to risk; one patient had existing cardiopulmonary disease, and the other was free of such risk factors except liver disease.	2
For both the second and third patients, symptomatology failed to resolve until the intraperitoneal cisplatin solution was withdrawn.	2
The study population included the affected patient (proband), nine of her blood relatives, and seven healthy volunteers.	2
Fifteen patients presented between January 1986 and January 1991 with deterioration in renal function coincident with the introduction of angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors.	2
Three patients, 2 with tardive dyskinesia and 1 with senile chorea, were successfully treated with corticosteroids during an observation period of up to 5 months.	2
Endoscopic examination revealed a tumor resembling advanced gastric cancer.	2
The attending or consulting physicians assessed that acute hemolysis or DIC caused or contributed to each death.	2
The lymphoma was of the CD4+ cytotoxic T-cell lineage, and the tumor cells also expressed CD56.	2
Paclitaxel is a chemotherapeutic agent with activity directed against several malignancies.	2
RESULTS: Since January 2002, 171 patients with RA have commenced taking leflunomide.	2
The patient had been experiencing frequent headaches and tenderness at the site of the lump for about a month before being seen by the neurosurgeon.	2
High dose corticosteroids have been the mainstay in the treatment of fulminant ulcerative colitis (UC) for a long time.	2
She subsequently developed similar symptoms after multiple rechallenges with various loop diuretics including furosemide, bumetanide, and torsemide.	2
However, these other potential causes of seizure were ruled out.	2
The patient was successfully treated by anticoagulant therapy.	2
RESULTS: Bimatoprost was discontinued and diclofenac initiated.	2
Only 2 cases of spinal lipomatosis in HIV-related lipodystrophy have been reported.	2
However, special attention must be paid to patients developing early active HCMV infection under prophylaxis.	2
Celecoxib, a cyclooxygenase (COX)-2 inhibitor, was administered for pain management and for potential antineoplastic activity.	2
Rechallenge with a different beta-lactam antibiotic has not been shown to consistently cause recurrent leukopenia.	2
Nephropathy, eosinophilia and fever were observed in an 18-year-old man being treated for staphylococcal septicemia.	2
Tricyclic antidepressant toxicity treated with massive sodium bicarbonate.	2
Flap salvage is often successful if vascular complications are recognized and treated early.	2
These include injections of botulinum toxins to correct the shape of the nasal tip and the use of various fillers to correct contour and profile defects.	2
In addition, there were findings suggesting a possibly immunologically mediated mechanism.	2
We describe a patient who developed intractable chronic vulval ulceration that we believe was related to immune reconstitution following treatment of HIV infection with highly active antiretroviral treatment (HAART).	2
Nerve biopsies confirmed the presence of Mycobacterium leprae in both endoneurial and perineurial areas, mainly in foamy macrophages (Virchow cells), but there were also large accumulations of an amorphous, acid-fast and alcohol-fast material which was not obviously of bacterial origin.	2
G-CSF also enhanced expression of the transferrin receptor (CD71) on blast cells in vitro.	2
Emergency management of upper airway angio-oedema after routine dental extraction in a patient with C1 esterase deficiency.	2
We describe a patient who developed significant deterioration in her conscious level due to iatrogenic gabapentin overdose.	2
This case demonstrates the importance of blood flow from the peribiliary arteries for the survival of the biliary epithelium.	2
This simple method was more efficient than intravenous therapy in ameliorating the hypophosphatemia secondary to aggressive hemodiafiltration treatment.	2
Panic attacks occurred for the first time in a patient suffering from delusional depression during treatment with a combination of an antidepressant and a neuroleptic.	2
Cyclosporin therapy in Mooren's ulcer.	2
L-Asparaginase is commonly used for induction therapy of acute lymphocytic leukemia of childhood.	2
In view of the potentially fatal hypersensitivity reaction, we suggest that any patient on multidrug therapy for leprosy needs an urgent referral to a dermatologist if the patient develops a skin rash during the first two months of treatment.	2
Hypocalcemia is a frequent finding during the correction phase of the HPTH-II with calcimimetics.	2
Improvements in quality of life following treatment with r-HuEPO in anemic hemodialysis patients.	2
His illness was also characterized by a palpable spleen tip, marked lower extremity and scrotal edema, and generalized lymphadenopathy.	2
Standard care includes the administration of dextrose, glucagon, and diazoxide.	2
He was maintained on cyclosporine A, mycophenolate mofetil, and prednisone.	2
Prompt treatment with intravenous antibiotics usually leads to full recovery.	2
Improvement of anemia by recombinant erythropoietin in patients with myelodysplastic syndromes and aplastic anemia.	2
Clonazepam was given as needed, and the patient was discharged on February 1 with myoclonus that soon subsided.	2
A crusty cause of prosthetic valve endocarditis.	2
Plasmodium falciparum with a parasitemia of 70% was detected in the peripheral smear.	2
Etoposide, an epipodophyllotoxin, is a topoisomerase II inhibitor that interacts with DNA to potentiate leukaemogenesis.	2
However, five patients showed delayed 30-Hz flicker b waves, and seven patients showed delayed oscillatory potentials.	2
Oral etoposide remains an effective palliative agent and its usage should not be excluded without most careful consideration of the risks.	2
Reye syndrome associated with subclinical varicella zoster virus and influenza A infection.	2
The history of desmopressin use was still not available.	2
Both agents are excreted by the kidneys, raising the possibility that acyclovir at high serum concentrations may interfere with the renal excretion of lithium.	2
Moreover, the safety and efficacy of intracranial vertebral stenting should be further reevaluated by large-scale randomized trials.	2
The incidence of seizures related to primary brain tumors is 20-80%.	2
Transient bilateral blindness and posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome: a rare complication of enuresis treatment.	2
There had been one episode of chest discomfort in her past history.	2
Therefore, these patients might have to be treated with granulocyte colony-stimulating factor to be able to recover from severe neutropenia.	2
In patients with diabetes mellitus, hemoglobin A(1c) (A1C) is commonly interpreted as a measure of long-term glycemic control, reflecting a mean glucose level over the previous 2-3 months.	2
Long-acting somatostatin analogues such as SMS 201-995 (Sandoz) are being evaluated in a wide range of clinical indications, including gut neuroendocrine tumours and acrogemaly.	2
However, the child vomited when a cumulative dose of 315 mg was reached.	2
We report a fatal intoxication in a 59-year-old woman who had uremia undergoing hemodialysis, and then took amantadine and pramipexole for Parkinsonian tremor.	2
Tumors shown to produce peptides other than gastrin, for example ACTH, were found to be markedly resistant to the action of SMS and continued to grow in an unbridled manner.	2
The patient had leukocytosis with a large percentage of atypical lymphocytes on peripheral smear and liver dysfunction.	2
An objective causality assessment revealed that the interaction was probable.	2
All patients presented with sudden painless dimness of vision with photophobia.	2
INTRODUCTION: Cetuximab is a chimeric antibody registered for the therapy of advanced colorectal carcinoma after failure of standard chemotherapy.	2
One child did not achieve detectable concentrations on 2 different study days and was switched to a different protocol.	2
Conversion to another immunosuppressant seems to be an appropriate procedure in this condition.	2
Steroid induced avascular necrosis of bones in eighteen sites: a case report.	2
It is a potentially serious reaction which is little influenced by which drug is injected.	2
She had Crohn's disease since age 9 years and was on chronic TPN.	2
Exacerbation of the inflammatory response to Mycobacterium tuberculosis after antiretroviral therapy.	2
CONTEXT: Radiation recall has been described in the context of gemcitabine chemotherapy.	2
The donor was asymptomatic and had a negative review of systems, a normal physical exam, normal laboratory values, and negative blood and urine cultures.	2
Essential thrombocythemia is a clonal myeloproliferative disorder that causes thrombocytosis.	2
BACKGROUND: Bacterial contamination of platelet (PLT) components is an important cause of transfusion reactions.	2
Subclinical entrapment may thus be an important factor leading to vulnerability of nerves in lead neuropathy.	2
These data suggest that clots can form on surfaces coated with the Carmeda process, even if a low dosage of heparin is used.	2
Bilateral percutaneous nephrostomy catheters were placed in the renal pelvises, and local irrigation with amphotericin B was performed for 3 weeks.	2
Complete removal of all foreign material is essential, however when prosthesis removal is not possible or contraindicated, suppressive antibiotic therapy with retention of the functioning hip arthroplasty may be considered.	2
Several drugs (e.g., penicillin, probenecid) can alter the elimination of methotrexate.	2
Lamellar inflammation was exacerbated by topical steroids.	2
Post-allogeneic BMT complications include graft-versus-host disease (GVHD).	2
Surgeons should consider stopping carbamazepine before operations with cardiopulmonary bypass.	2
Wernicke encephalopathy and beriberi during total parenteral nutrition attributable to multivitamin infusion shortage.	2
Spontaneous pulmonary hemorrhage following coronary thrombolysis.	2
Miconazole as a treatment for Candida septicaemia.	2
The acute reaction to nitrofurantoin is believed to be mediated by an immune mechanism.	2
We present the case of a nine-year-old boy with hypoplastic left heart syndrome and immune thrombocytopenic purpura who subsequently developed pneumatosis intestinails with a benign clinical examination.	2
All but one patient were receiving tacrolimus monotherapy, excluding other drugs that might have been involved to cause the syndrome.	2
Corneal interface abscess after excimer laser in situ keratomileusis.	2
Tardive dyskinesia in an adolescent.	2
Five of the patients had D-Dimers levels measured, all were elevated.	2
The clinical and hemodynamic characteristics of the patients were as follows.	2
Associated clinical and electrophysiological polyradiculopathy and multiple mononeuropathy of the lower extremities were observed.	2
The association of NEH and the use of cytotoxic agents for SLE or other autoimmune diseases has not been reported previously.	2
Administration of high-dose intrathecal methotrexate may not lead to symptoms, as was the case in our patient.	2
In recent years, the association between breast and endometrial cancer has been the subject of many studies.	2
Possible causes and difficulties in diagnosis were reviewed.	2
All the episodes occurred after the first dose was administered, and the seven patients recovered without sequelae after the drug was withdrawn.	2
Eight weeks later, he experienced pain and redness of the right eye.	2
Serum myoglobin was over 3000 ng/mL.	2
Extensive hormonal evaluation was performed in a girl with adrenal carcinoma during the primary tumor stage, following adrenalectomy, during the period when metastases were evident and while on treatment with o,p'-DDD.	2
Octreotide administration rapidly reversed hypoglycemia allowing patient stabilization and eventual discharge without any significant adverse events.	2
The other patient presented with typical cutaneous polyarteritis nodosa which responded well to corticosteroid treatment.	2
We suggest that dapsone is an effective second-line agent in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis.	2
Six days after taking erlotinib, a chest radiograph showed rapid progression of reticular infiltration in both lung fields.	2
The higher the number of Japanese who go abroad becomes (the total number in 1994 was 13,578,934: Records of Statistical Division of the Ministry of Justice), the greater is the risk of their contracting malaria.	2
Acarbose treatment of infant dumping syndrome: extensive study of glucose dynamics and long-term follow-up.	2
We report a case of intrauterine contraceptive device (IUD) associated pelvic actinomycosis due to Actinomyces urogenitalis in a previously healthy young adult woman.	2
Color Doppler was used to demonstrate a high flow pattern that, unlike in the adult goiter, was associated with hypothyroidism in the neonate.	2
In both cases, the diagnosis of PTE was based on clinical assessment of sudden acute respiratory failure with positive pulmonary perfusional scintigraphy in spite of a negative chest X-ray.	2
Although its overall safety profile is good, a few cases of toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported.	2
A 12-year-old, spayed female keeshond presenting with lethargy, anorexia, weight loss, and vomiting was diagnosed with multicentric lymphoma.	2
Stent fracture: an unusual cause of late restenosis after sirolimus-eluting stent placement.	2
The first two cases received ASCT for MM, one with a CD34-selected autograft and the other with an unmanipulated autograft.	2
As a result of the inadequate levels of antihepatitis B antibodies, less than 10 IU/l in May 1998, in a high-risk patient who was frequently exposed to blood and its products, an additional booster dose was performed.	2
The effect of oral dissolution therapy for pancreatic stones was evaluated in patients with chronic calcific pancreatitis.	2
Patch testing to individual components revealed positive reactions to all ingredients except aloe.	2
The study group was composed of four patients who underwent surgery in a 1-year period and experienced chronic pain resulting from superior cluneal nerve injury.	2
For 4.5 months after surgery, the bird had no recurrence of clinical signs; however, dyspnea recurred and during evaluation, the bird died.	2
Dapsone, a synthetic sulfone with chemical similarities to sulfapyridine, has been used for a number of years to treat leprosy and dermatitis herpetiformis.	2
One month later, when the patient was free of symptoms, the follow-up free protein S antigen level was restored to the normal range.	2
We report a case of ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysm (AAA) in a patient receiving chemotherapy for pancreatic cancer.	2
Her serum potassium level was 13.1 mEq/L and HCO3- was 16 mEq/L.	2
Aminocaproic acid treatment of recurrent postoperative hyphemas.	2
Possible mechanisms and potential therapies are discussed.	2
Capillary leak syndrome (CLS) commonly occurs in the intensive care setting.	2
In one patient after three tablets of Mexase a clioquinol concentration of 12 microgram/ml in plasma was found 24 hours after the specified dose, which is an unexpectedly high concentration compared to those reported as late as 24 hours after a single equal dose of Mexase or any other clioquinol-containing preparation.	2
METHODS: Four cases of essential hypertension patients (1 male and 3 females) were observed through process of therapy with indapamide and laboratory investigations.	2
Ultrasound-guided block may improve patient safety by avoiding the soft tissue structures in the needle path that can't be readily seen by fluoroscopy.	2
Physicians must consider this when prescribing these medications for patients with misdirected eyelashes.	2
To optimize blood pressure control, the antihypertensive medication of a 76-year-old hypertensive female patient was changed from the angiotensin II receptor antagonist irbesartan to aliskiren.	2
Urinalysis revealed eosinophils, and a subsequent renal biopsy confirmed a diagnosis of AIN.	2
Clinicians need to be aware of this potential side effect especially in children undergoing major surgery.	2
Corticosteroids are widely known to have a variety of adverse mental effects.	2
Electromyographic investigation revealed a myopathic pattern in proximal muscles without any neuropathic changes.	2
Further genetic testing of autopsy tissue revealed the presence of a gene defect at the cytochrome P450 CYP2D locus, which results in poor metabolism of fluoxetine.	2
This case, although rare and atypical, should alert clinicians to consider the possibility of NMS as a complication of abrupt neuroleptic drug withdrawal.	2
The patient was started on intravenous calcium gluconate.	2
Surgery to remove the remaining tumor was performed 19 days later.	2
Toxic effects were less severe than previously described: this may be attributable to relatively low doses of DCF or to precautions taken to prevent tumour lysis syndrome.	2
There are isolated case reports of stroke secondary to the use of triptans, however, this is the first case of spinal cord infarction reported following the use of this group of drugs.	2
Severe hyperlipidemia was reversed by changing the carnitine deficient diet (Ensureliquid) to a carnitine-containing diet.	2
A causal relationship between the administration of halothane and clinical improvement is suggested.	2
Her serum calcium level was finally stabilized in the 2.37-2.95 mmol/L by administration of a single intravenous dose of pamidronate.	2
The first organism is exceptionally rare following laparoscopic cholecystectomy and is presumed to be a result of inadvertent gallstone spillage.	2
The course of this case may be useful in the understanding of the pathogenesis of autoimmune hyperthyroidism.	2
No patients died.	2
Renal complications are uncommon and not well recognized.	2
A 7-year-old boy with T cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia developed disseminated hyalohyphomycosis due to Fusarium solani.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Both the immunomodulatory effects of octreotide on intrathyroidal lymphocytes and rapid reductions in TSH may contribute to the onset of Graves' disease.	2
The pathogenesis of the porphyria is not clear; however, cyclophosphamide is a substrate for cytochrome P450, and may produce metabolites that destroy this protein.	2
Successful treatment was achieved with partial resection of the posterior mitral valve leaflet and antibiotic therapy.	2
We present a report of B. henselae infection transmitted by the same kitten to 4 different individuals, each with different clinical characteristics, treatment, and evolution.	2
Some kindreds with familial parkinsonism exhibit genetic anticipation, suggesting possible involvement of trinucleotide repeat expansion.	2
Tacalcitol is a synthetic vitamin D3 analogue developed for topical treatment of inflammatory skin diseases such as psoriasis.	2
Plasma exchange with either fresh-frozen plasma or 5% albumin solution as replacement fluid was performed in four selected patients with juvenile rheumatoid arthritis unresponsive to standard therapy.	2
Methamphetamine abuse has been increasing in California and may exceed cocaine abuse in some regions.	2
None of the side effects observed resisted treatment or was severe enough to warrant discontinuation of therapy.	2
Rapid formation of Aspergillus mycetoma in a patient receiving corticosteroid treatment.	2
The striking temporal relationship between commencing dalteparin on day 1 and subsequent development of effusion on day 4, following 3 doses of LMWH, led us to believe that the bleed occurred as a result of the therapy.	2
Cardioembolic stroke, early anticoagulation, and brain hemorrhage.	2
Despite a complete molecular response, it is currently recommended to continue these targeted therapies to avoid relapse.	2
The conditions of three children with dermatomyositis and one child with polymyositis were treated for nine to 31 months with combined prednisone and intravenous methotrexate (1 mg/kg/wk) when prednisone alone was ineffective in controlling the disease or when there were substantial steroid-related toxic effects.	2
Since both hypothyroidism and iron deficiency anemia may coexist, additional thyroid function testing is recommended in patients treated concurrently with ferrous sulfate and L-thyroxine.	2
A fifty-six year old black man with stage D carcinoma of the prostate was treated weekly with 5-fluorouracil 750 mg/m2 for twenty-four consecutive doses.	2
Local findings included swelling (94%), fang marks (93%), ecchymosis (53%), erythema (37%), bullae (13%), and tissue necrosis (8%).	2
An association between NCPH and patients infected with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) has been reported.	2
Treatment was modified, symptoms resolved in 1 to 2 weeks, and the white-matter changes resolved over 6 to 12 months.	2
Fifteen months after surgical resection and adjuvant chemotherapy, the donor had no evidence of recurrent tumor.	2
The treatments have been reasonably well tolerated with some acute skin toxicity.	2
The benefit of antithymocyte globulin in severe aplastic anemia in the pediatric age group was assessed.	2
A skeletal X-ray showed huge amounts of periarticular TC.	2
DISCUSSION: The Naranjo probability scale indicates C. mukul as the possible cause of rhabdomyolysis in our patient.	2
Those findings are indicators of colitis.	2
Bleeding occurred into the gastrointestinal tract in four patients, into the kidney-urinary tract in three patients, into vascular surgical sites in two patients, and one each into the pulmonary-bronchial and cerebral-ventricular systems.	2
The S typhimurium isolates from this patient, from other ill persons, and from raw milk were resistant to ampicillin, chloramphenicol, kanamycin sulfate, streptomycin, sulfonamide, and tetracycline.	2
He developed hyperpyrexia with oligohidrosis and central neurological symptoms, including, chorea-like involuntary movements, resting tremor, and cogwheel rigidity.	2
The Ensure Plus was continued and adequate prothrombin times were achieved on 7.5 to 10 mg of warfarin daily.	2
Initial treatment with itraconazole resulted in exacerbation of clinical signs.	2
Therapy with the zinc-saline dressings was continued and restoration of all tissues was documented within 225 days.	2
P. carinii pneumonia (PCP) is usually a late complication in patients receiving TMP/SMX prophylaxis, with most cases occurring later than 2 months post-transplant.	2
Rebound headache after withdrawal of ergot alkaloids may lead to self-medication and overdosage, with subsequent risk of ergotism.	2
Despite percutaneous abscess drainage and antifungal therapy, general status deteriorated with persistent fever, severe pancytopenia and liver dysfunction.	2
According to American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery (ASAPS), 200,924 people had rhinoplasties in 2005.	2
At that time the area would be debrided and the postauricular skin used for external coverage (Dr.	2
The patient had been on oral propranolol for the past five years and had taken his last dose of propranolol approximately ten hours before the administration of parenteral verapamil for treatment of a supraventricular tachycardia documented by an electrocardiogram.	2
Patients taking these drugs, therefore, often felt that the treatment was making them worse instead of better, and were reluctant to continue with it.	2
The major problems affecting compliance with pharmacotherapy for schizophrenia are outlined here showing, by means of case histories, how sertindole has benefited schizophrenic patients.	2
However, patients who do not respond to clozapine monotherapy can be given adjunctive treatment with ECT.	2
Laboratory tests revealed creatine kinase (CK) 7952 IU/L, lactate dehydrogenase 1021 IU/L, myoglobin 2322 U/L, and aspartate aminotransferase 362 IU/L, resulting in a diagnosis of iatrogenic rhabdomyolysis.	2
The pathophysiology, risk factors, diagnosis, and treatment options for this complication are discussed.	2
A single dose of dichloroacetate (DCA) was associated with a decrease in the serum lactate level by 20%, which persisted for more than 24 h.	2
The urine revealed inappropriately high levels of magnesium and potassium despite critically low serum levels, with an appropriately low urine calcium level.	2
No adverse effects were noted from either vancomycin or hemodiafiltration.	2
She was successfully treated with oral prednisolone and cyclosporine A (CsA).	2
In four patients corneal infiltrates cleared on topical medication.	2
Although the exact pathophysiological processes involved have not yet been established, the neurotransmitters dopamine, serotonin and gamma amino butyric aid (GABA) have been documented to play a significant role in the generation of hiccups.	2
We hypothesize that early glutamine supplemented tube feedings in children receiving intensive chemotherapy alone or in combination with bone marrow transplantation will result in improved nutrition with fewer infections and lower cost than TPN-supplemented patients.	2
Although several cases of solid tumours have been reported during TKI therapy, the link between cancer and TKIs is not yet clear.	2
This case suggests a role for IgE in the hypersensitivity reaction.	2
She experienced intense pain in the first postoperative week and obtained topical oxybuprocaine for pain relief.	2
Hyperphosphatemia is an infrequent complication of the tumor lysis following induction therapy for lymphoproliferative disorders that can result in acute renal failure.	2
Retinal pigment epithelial tear following photodynamic therapy for choroidal neovascularization secondary to AMD.	2
It is generally well tolerated.	2
The elimination half-time (15 h) was similar to that reported for end-stage renal disease patients, while the steady-state volume of distribution (85 l) and the area under the curve concentration (127 mg/l.h) were greater.	2
They are also underdiagnosed and undertreated.	2
However, serum HBV DNA turned detectable again after 9 months of LAM therapy and a YMDD mutation was detected.	2
Virilizing adrenal tumor in a child suppressed with dexamethasone for three years.	2
In patients with inflammatory bowel disease cytomegalovirus infection has been described in both immunocompetent and immunocompromised individuals.	2
It is suggested that the long-term use of androgenic-anabolic steroids is the fourth cause of HAS, the majority of cases still being of unknown aetiology.	2
Platinum agents and secondary myeloid leukaemia: two cases treated only with platinum-based drugs.	2
Since no satisfactory remission was achieved using a multi-drug chemotherapy protocol that included cyclophosphamide, vincristine, cytosine arabinoside, prednisolone, and subsequently supplemented by L-asparaginase, it was replaced by another protocol combining vincristine, L-asparaginase, prednisolone, cyclophosphamide and doxorubicin.	2
Severe transplacental lithium toxicity in a neonate is described.	2
It usually is given by bolus intravenous injection, sometimes in high doses (> 5 mg), even though that is not approved by the Food and Drug Administration.	2
An alternative preparation, Mastisol, was successfully used without primarily inducing allergy.	2
We believe this is a remarkable potentiation on record in the literature.	2
Cholelithiasis in turn enhances the effects of cyclosporin on increased platelet aggregation.	2
METHODS: Review of two patients.	2
The combination of raltitrexed (Tomudex) and mitomycin-C in the treatment of advanced colorectal cancer--a phase II study.	2
CONCLUSION: WE and thiamine deficiency should be considered in all patients with malabsorption, malnutrition, and malignancies.	2
Despite they can be distinguished through clinical and histological characteristics; both are often used as synonyms.	2
The mother had systemic lupus erythematosus and cyclophosphamide exposure in the first trimester.	2
Various etiologic factors have been implicated in PVOD after BMT.	2
Renal biopsy three weeks after the onset of renal failure revealed evidence of focal renal cortical necrosis.	2
Desmopressin is a commonly used, well-tolerated agent for the treatment of primary nocturnal enuresis and central diabetes insipidus.	2
The two patients were finally released in good condition.	2
RESULTS: Two of three melanoma patients had objective responses.	2
Therefore, data from large randomised, multicentre studies are needed to definitely answer the question of the relationship between safety and efficacy of this promising treatment option.	2
The possibility of HUS during induction chemotherapy for ALL should be considered early on in the treatment regimen, if clinical signs and symptoms suggest this diagnosis, so that appropriate treatment can be instituted.	2
A case report.	2
A decreased Arden ratio on EOG (<1.50) was found with an accompanying decreased amplitude of the scotopic b-wave on full-field electroretinography in both eyes.	2
CONCLUSION: Rapid infusion of albumin might be a rescue option in cases of severe TRALI with extensive pulmonary capillary leak during the acute phase.	2
Acetylcholine receptor and anti-skeletal muscle antibody titers were positive in both patients.	2
Recombinant human alpha-interferon (IFN) at a dose of 3 million units combined with melphalan and prednisolone was administrated.	2
Early diagnosis of WE is important, because if it is treated with thiamine in the acute stages, the neurologic and cardiovascular abnormalities can be reversed.	2
Jaw osteonecrosis associated with use of bisphosphonates and chemotherapy: paradoxical complication of treatment of bone lesions in multiple myeloma patients.	2
In a few cases, toxicity related to concomitant medications could also be involved.	2
Two prior episodes of visual loss had occurred during oral contraceptive treatment, an association not heretofore reported.	2
Corticosteroid therapy is a rare but possible independent predisposition to PCP.	2
Extensive pelvic, pulmonary and brain metastases were associated with clinically manifest thyrotoxicosis.	2
He was diagnosed in the early post transplant period after anti-rejection therapy.	2
These organisms have occasionally been reported as a cause of serious infections in man but have not been reported as a cause of shunt infection.	2
These features are similar to those observed previously in persistent light reactors to topical photosensitizers.	2
The infant developed repeated tongue thrust, abnormal hand posturing, and tremor of all extremities.	2
Jpn J Ophthalmol 2005;49:231-234 (c) Japanese Ophthalmological Society 2005.	2
Polymicrobial sepsis is sometimes seen due to enteric organisms adhering to the parasite.	2
The literature is reviewed, and clinical symptoms, pathophysiology, and treatment options are discussed.	2
A medical evaluation for an alternative etiology of his seizures was negative.	2
Effect of ramipril in a patient with glycogen storage disease type I and nephrotic-range proteinuria.	2
Schizophrenia-like psychosis caused by a metabolic disorder.	2
Neuropsychologic evaluation revealed global cognitive deficits; he was found to be a carrier of a PS-1 point mutation at position G206A.	2
Spontaneous intracerebral hemorrhage was diagnosed, despite an initial negative CT scan.	2
The pathogenesis of chemotherapy-associated thrombotic microangiopathy (C-TMA) has not been established.	2
She received 5-fluorouracil, doxorubicin, and cyclophosphamide.	2
Complications occurring after manual pumping of the reservoir are rare.	2
Vicks VapoRub induces mucin secretion, decreases ciliary beat frequency, and increases tracheal mucus transport in the ferret trachea.	2
These myths underscore the importance and utility of outcome-based research to help guide physicians in their practices.	2
The patient had suffered two spontaneous left humeral fractures treated with prosthesis replacement just before the initial diagnosis of multiple myeloma.	2
DISCUSSION: The patient was given chloroquine by his captain in a dosage regimen appropriate for quinine (2 tablets 3 times daily for 7 d).	2
These symptoms did not recur after discontinuation of the drug.	2
PARTICIPANTS: Four patients with periocular hemangioma.	2
A bone marrow biopsy did not show signs of hematologic disease, but revealed a small granuloma rife with acid-fast bacilli, which were later confirmed to be Mycobacterium genavense by gene sequencing.	2
Autopsy demonstrated extensive necrosis of the tumor mass, as well as necrotizing vascular damage within the neoplasm.	2
Our purpose is to highlight the dangerous means adopted by unlicensed medical charlatans to induce abortion as well as to emphasize the key role played by anesthesiologists in the management of such cases.	2
CONCLUSION: These results suggest that rifampin-impregnated silicone catheters could become a valuable tool in the treatment and prevention of shunt infections.	2
After developing two additional lesions that began to ulcerate despite treatment with imipenem, vancomycin, clindamycin, rifampin, and gentamicin, the patient consented to a skin biopsy.	2
METHODS: A 20-year-old woman developed pain, redness, decreased vision, and corneal infiltrate in the right eye 15 days after bilateral LASIK.	2
After both patients gave informed consent, an uneventful intravitreal injection of 1.25 mg Avastin was performed in the left eyes.	2
The duration of each infusion should be minimised and blood volume should be carefully monitored throughout.	2
Infection of central nervous system by motile Enterococcus: first case report.	2
After appropriate antibiotic and replacement of the central venous line, CT demonstrated disappearance of the lung nodules in all three patients, enabling a diagnosis of nodular septic embolism.	2
Protein in vitamin K absence (PIVKA) is the prothrombin precursor found in plasma when carboxylation to prothrombin is impaired.	2
Case report.	2
In our case, a 77-year-old woman, with stage IIIA IgG lambda multiple myeloma for two years, presented with firm nodular violaceous cutaneous lesions on the left arm without underlying bone osteolytic lesions or subcutaneous tumors; the biopsy was consistent with plasmacytoma.	2
Various incidences of hemorrhagic complications have been cited in patients given anticoagulants after stroke or transient cerebral ischemia.	2
Improvement in cholestasis associated with total parenteral nutrition after treatment with an antibody against tumour necrosis factor alpha.	2
Physical examination findings were consistent with congestive heart failure.	2
In patient 2, thrombolysis caused mobilisation of thrombotic mass as evidenced by disappearance of thrombus on ultrasound.	2
Hypertension was not present.	2
Two had positive antihistone antibodies.	2
Histological and immunohistochemical studies of paraffin embedded specimen were conducted.	2
MAC infection persisted despite treatment, however, no anti-MAC drug-resistant isolates emerged throughout the clinical course in either case.	2
Immunotherapy with imiquimod 5% cream for eyelid nodular basal cell carcinoma.	2
Delayed pancreatic pseudocyst formations.	2
Polymerase chain reaction (PCR) followed by restriction fragment length polymorphism analyses and long PCR were performed to detect CYP2D6 genotype.	2
At this point, she developed whole body urticaria and pruritus with edema of the extremities.	2
Although he survived the acute stages following injury, his pulmonary function subsequently deteriorated with a damaged trachea and bronchi, repeated attacks of pneumonia, atelectasis, pneumothorax and lung fibrosis, leading to death with hypercapnia (PaCO2 more than 100 mmHg) after 205 days in hospital.	2
Airway obstruction due to spontaneous retropharyngeal hemorrhage.	2
Merkel cell carcinoma after liver transplantation: a case report.	2
Folinic acid, the 5-formyl derivative of tetrahydrofolic acid, is the active form of folic acid.	2
Administration of low-dose cidofovir was associated with clearance of BK virus DNA from blood and allograft, and stabilization of renal function in both patients, without significant toxicity.	2
Different pathologies have been described as caused by henna.	2
After 82 days' treatment her arm appeared normal and has remained so over seven months.	2
Granulocytic sarcoma: local presentation of a systemic disease.	2
The criteria proposed by Earnest et al. should be implemented for each seizure case that requires a decision on the urgent need for therapeutic anticonvulsant levels, whether by mechanical infusion, manual intravenous push, or oral loading.	2
However, id injection with monomeric Lex had no effect.	2
Myasthenia gravis is an autoimmune disorder where antibodies against the nicotinic Ach receptor resulting in impaired transmission at the NM junction.	2
Edema is an adverse event associated with thiazolidinedione therapy The potential for mild-to-moderate peripheral edema with thiazolidinedione is known, especially in patients who have heart failure or use insulin.	2
Mild improvement has occurred after 5 months' treatment with tetrabenazine despite the long duration of dystonia and the presence of secondary structural changes.	2
Resin hemoperfusion for chloramphenicol intoxication.	2
Aminoglycoside-induced renal toxicity is well known and may manifest with nonoliguric renal failure or renal tubular dysfunction.	2
Subjects received 1.2 to 2.88 gm over 12 to 18 days.	2
The implications are stressed in relation to the differential diagnosis of patients with gastroenterological disorders who develop peripheral neuropathy.	2
We conclude that one should be cautious when treating patients with systemic lupus erythematosus and pre-existing renal disease with cyclosporine A especially when tubulointerstitial abnormalities are present and/or other nephrotoxic drugs are used.	2
Liposomal amphotericin B in drug-resistant visceral leishmaniasis.	2
She received 600 mEq of sodium bicarbonate intravenously over 36 hours by which time her mentation, electrolytes and pH were normal.	2
The association of ergot toxicity and iliac dissection has not been previously described.	2
In the mean-time the drug is available in Canada and England but not in the U.S.	2
Due to the potentially life-threatening complications of this condition and the increasing use of anticonvulsants in the treatment of mood disorders, psychiatrists must be aware of the diagnosis and treatment of this condition.	2
The combination therapy of interferon alpha and ribavirin was given to a 50-year-old female with CHC who had not responded to a previous treatment by interferon alpha.	2
Additionally, we showed conclusively that under certain circumstances (that is, corneal scarring) tandem scanning confocal microscopy can resolve the double-walled structure of the Acanthamoeba ectocyst surrounding the endocyst.	2
OBJECTIVE: To raise awareness of a rare but serious adverse effect of a commonly used medication.	2
2). These findings were characteristic of granular parakeratosis.	2
Despite continued improvements in mortality associated with a spinal-cord injury, until recently little progress had been made in improving neurologic function.	2
Acute amphotericin B overdose.	2
The cumulative severity of thrombocytopenia observed over successive cycles was accompanied by an increasing TPO response which tended to grow overproportionally in relation to the degree of peripheral thrombocytopenia.	2
Clinical observations were examined retrospectively for three cases with adverse reactions and cited to support a dynamic theory that associated drug reactivity to personality factors.	2
These symptoms were reproduced after a second administration of brimonidine.	2
The latter was discontinued slowly over a period of 10 weeks.	2
This article reviews case reports and clinical studies of thrombolysis during and shortly after CPR in order to estimate the risk of severe bleeding events caused by CPR in association with thrombolysis compared with CPR without thrombolysis.	2
It may or may not be accompanied by other features of toxicity.	2
The 125I-insulin binding rate was high (54%).	2
A 57-year-old woman with end-stage renal disease presumed secondary to chronic glomerulonephritis underwent a living related renal allograft transplantation.	2
In this group, four men were seen with osteonecrosis.	2
We describe a first case of keratitis caused by Nocardia exalbida.	2
In both cases there was a progressive increase during treatment, in peripheral blood lymphocyte counts, skin reactions and in vitro cellular responses to PPD, and a sudden rise in ESR at the time of their deterioration.	2
Similar phenomena have also been observed with other antibiotics.	2
Catheter fracture and cardiac migration: a rare complication of totally implantable venous devices.	2
After treatment with prednisolone a complete resolution of the dyspnea was observed.	2
Topical vaginal oestrogen cream used for treatment of burn injury of vaginal mucosa after misapplication of 100% acetic acid in a perimenopausal woman: a case report.	2
We consider that the MAHA in this patient is chemotherapy-related.	2
A 64-year-old male patient developed progressive pancytopenia three weeks into therapy with lenalidomide for his relapsed MM.	2
METHOD: The authors present a three-case series in which risperidone was used to treat delusions of infestation.	2
The patient was treated with radiofrequency cautery and is now asymptomatic.	2
In these cases, the pregnancy can be protected through anticoagulation treatment, but there may be exceptions to this.	2
Until recently, discontinuance of anticoagulant therapy has been recommended, as this cessation has been shown to slow or halt further tissue infarction.	2
A careful and complete medication history can help avoid unnecessary discontinuation of clinically important medications and inadvertent rechallenge with the causative agent.	2
On hospital day 5, as no additional arrhythmias had occurred, lidocaine was discontinued.	2
Clinical presentation spreads from almost asymptomatic patients to critically ill patients with pulmonary oedema or frank cardiogenic shock.	2
This case report highlights a need for awareness of increased bleeding as a potentially serious complication associated with the use of all currently licensed PIs in individuals with hemophilia.	2
We report the results of treatment with MACOP-B in 11 young patients with low grade lymphoma (LGL).	2
To demonstrate that the 2-yr clinical follow-up of our patient strongly suggests that long-term therapy with posaconazole (POS) is safe and beneficial in treatment and prevention of relapses of, otherwise fatal, central nervous system mucormycosis.	2
The mechanism by which ciprofloxacin causes these adverse effects is not fully understood.	2
METHODS: We performed a clinical chart review.	2
After failure to respond to antibiotics, aminosalicylates and immunomodulators such as azathioprine and 6-mercaptopurine (6-MP), all patients were treated with infliximab.	2
These later regressed when the drug was withdrawn.	2
Even though anti-inflammatory, analgesic and antipyretic effects of henna have been shown, it may cause severe side-effects in some cases.	2
As a child, he had suffered a traumatic injury to his liver requiring the surgical repair of a laceration.	2
It gives the radiological and CT scan findings and the important role played by them in the diagnosis of this syndrome.	2
Desmopressin--a nontransfusional form of prevention of postextractive bleeding in some patients with von Willebrand's type I disease.	2
They suffered from severe (one case) or moderate (two cases) hemopoietic form of acute radiation sickness (ARS).	2
To the best of our knowledge, this is the first report of an association between sunitinib and gynaecomastia.	2
Typically, it occurs in a patient with preexisting structural heart disease (20 of 24 [83%]) and often with some form of recent dental infection or manipulation (18 of 24 [75%]).	2
Topical capsaicin as an adjuvant analgesic for the treatment of traumatic amputee neurogenic residual limb pain.	2
Although priapism has been associated with other serotonergic antidepressants, no published reports have correlated restoration of sexual potency with use of fluoxetine.	2
This adverse effect has not been previously described for this agent.	2
Hyperbaric oxygen therapy for cerebral palsy: two complications of treatment.	2
Osteonecrosis in patients with testicular tumours treated with chemotherapy.	2
A ten year old boy who died of the consequences of an infrequent gastrointestinal complication, whilst on induction chemotherapy for acute lymphatic leukemia, is being reported.	2
Risperidone versus clozapine in the treatment of psychosis in six patients with Parkinson's disease and other akinetic-rigid syndromes.	2
With the increased use of indwelling central venous catheters, increasing numbers of cases of Rhodotorula fungemia have been observed in patients with neoplasia and neutropenia.	2
The cosmetic contact lens user should receive professional advice before accessing the lenses, and this must be communicated to the public.	2
An adverse drug reaction (ADR) induced by fluoxetine was suspected and fluoxetine treatment was discontinued.	2
Synergistic effect of carbapenem-teicoplanin combination during severe Rhodococcus equi pneumonia in a kidney transplant recipient.	2
The administration of phenobarbital in this patient allowed improved symptom control, minimized the potential for propylene glycol toxicity, was not associated with respiratory depression, and facilitated successful weaning of benzodiazepines.	2
The only adverse effect was atrioventricular block in two children, which was completely reversible.	2
In four of five eyes the LASIK flap was amputated.	2
Extraskeletal tumoral calcifications (TC) may occur in patients with end-stage renal disease.	2
A bone marrow aspiration test on day 16 showed a markedly increased number of activated macrophages showing massive hemophagocytosis.	2
Administration of cation-exchange resin such as sodium polystyrene sulphonate (Kayexalate) is effective in lowering plasma potassium, although complications following oral or rectal administration are reported in newborns.	2
Doctors involved in the use of indwelling intrathecal catheters for pain control must be aware of the risk of significant neurological sequelae but should not dismiss re-establishment of intrathecal therapy in the presence of significant neurological complications.	2
Attention must be paid to this complication because the outcome and functional prognosis are better when pulmonary involvement is gold related: in our case steroid therapy was life-saving and induced complete recovery of the lung damage.	2
The additional finding of extensive resorption of the outer cortical surface and bone formation at the inner surface suggested a reversible phase after discontinuation of treatment.	2
Treatment with r-HuEPO does improve the quality of life and ability to work of uremic patients and does not adversely affect their transplant potential.	2
This is the first reported case of the use of Monsel's solution to arrest excessive uterine bleeding after the evacuation of retained products of conception after a miscarriage.	2
We report on a patient who developed the clinical findings of pulmonary eosinophilia.	2
We evaluated both healthy ferrets and animals in which we first induced tracheal inflammation with bacterial endotoxin (a lipopolysaccharide [LPS]).	2
Hyperthyroidism complicating asthma treatment.	2
Early noninvasive neurovascular and neurometabolic imaging is very helpful in choosing candidates for this type of therapy.	2
Persistent CSF leak may also be present without PDPH.	2
The thrombolytic therapy, together with heparin prophylaxis, was successfully administered in the hematology ward without the need for intensive care support (i.e. mechanical ventilation).	2
The patient had insertion of the levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine system (LNG-IUS).	2
Clinical manifestations resolved after surgical drainage of the thyroid abscess, prolonged antibiotherapy and diminution of immunosuppressive regimen.	2
The drug was discontinued, his symptoms resolved, and his liver function tests returned to normal.	2
The patient treated with DBS developed severe dyskinesia a few days after discharge and began self medication with amantadine but showed no improvement.	2
Medical and ophthalmic management is discussed in a case of subconjunctival and external hemorrhage from the eye secondary to prolonged prothrombin time in oral anticoagulation therapy.	2
Local control of tumor with preservation of organ function was achieved.	2
Blood counts returned to normal 6 days after institution of granulocyte colony stimulating factor therapy.	2
Three of the four patients also had bilateral ptosis.	2
These measurements (720 before and 832 on therapy) suggested that both early and late dumping symptoms are causally related to the rate of glucose elevation and decline, rather than to glucose peak and nadir, respectively.	2
Nevertheless, with appropriate safeguards described in this study, its topical use is safe.	2
Controlled clinical trials are indicated to determine if this finding is indicative of a class effect for all GABAergic antiepileptic drugs (AEDs), as already noted with vigabatrin, or if this case represents an incidental finding with tiagabine (41 references).	2
Intrapericardial infusion of 5-fluorouracil.	2
Toxic epidermal necrolysis in early infancy.	2
Risperidone appears effective in controlling agitation in patients with dementia and has a relatively benign adverse-effect profile, but more clinical trials are needed to elucidate its role for this indication.	2
Clinical awareness, timely detection and discontinuation of gemcitabine are mandatory to prevent this rare but disastrous complication of gemcitabine therapy.	2
Cutaneous malignant melanoma after immunosuppressive therapy.	2
One such case that was managed conservatively with success is reported.	2
Both asthma and thyroid disease are common disorders that occasionally occur together.	2
A 40-year-old Caucasian female was first seen 20 years ago for a routine ocular screening in relation to hydroxychloroquine treatment for systemic lupus erythematosus.	2
Herpetic reactivation may occur in many forms after excimer laser ablation.	2
Growth dynamics of meningiomas in patients with multiple sclerosis treated with interferon: report of two cases.	2
The success of the treatment was documented by the criterion of a return to the normal cardiorespiratory parameters a few hours after the start of the thrombolytic treatment.	2
Evidence from previous studies of neuroleptic side effects suggests that acute dystonic reactions are rare in elderly patients.	2
In none of these reports has radiologic or pathologic data been presented.	2
This advantage must be weighed against the risks (immunologic reactions, loss of the therapeutic effect of the cardiac glycoside if an overdose of antibody is given).	2
Treatment, mainly steroids and ciclosporin, should be aimed at the control of acute manifestations of cGVHD.	2
There was serological evidence of a recent Group A streptococcal infection.	2
The patient required nitroprusside for control of elevated blood pressure.	2
The patient had a favourable outcome.	2
Carcinoma arising in the pleural cavity following pneumonectomy for hydatid disease.	2
The newer generation of antifungal agents such as itraconazole and terbinafine are more effective than the older therapies, griseofulvin and ketoconazole, in the treatment of dermatophyte pedal onychomycosis.	2
Medulloblastoma in a patient successfully treated for immature teratoma of the ovary.	2
It appears that specific MEFV mutations are probably not the sole determinants of phenotype, and that unknown environmental factors or modifying genes act as accomplices in this disease.	2
CONCLUSIONS: This case series describes a clinically distinct form of interface inflammation that presents late and is associated with elevated intraocular pressure.	2
Agitation includes combativeness, hyperactivity, disinhibition, wandering, and restlessness.	2
There was no evidence of renal failure, diabetes, acidosis, increased potassium intake, or significant tissue trauma.	2
Earlier reports documented similar symptoms in patients without a history of heart failure.	2
After bilateral implantation of an angle-supported anterior chamber intraocular lens (AC IOL) in an allergic patient, the haptic tips were exposed through the limbus in the left eye.	2
Earlier recognition and treatment may lead to improved outcome.	2
We conclude, this novel mode of intra-operative local chemotherapy by spray application of fibrin glue containing antineoplastic agent is effective in the control of residual tumor progression and may also prevent local recurrence and hence suggests its possible role as an adjuvant therapy in the management of malignant gliomas.	2
Leukaemia cutis in a patient treated for breast cancer.	2
CONCLUSIONS: The normal host response to a cosmetic filler is a weak granulomatous reaction.	2
CLINICAL PRESENTATION AND INTERVENTION: A 50-year-old male with chronic hepatitis C received treatment with alfa-interferon and ribavirin for 52 weeks.	2
CASE SUMMARY: We report the case of an 81-year-old white man (weight, 82 kg; height, 173 cm; photodamaged type II skin) affected with cirrhosis of the liver, chronic idiopathic myelofibrosis, and a 3-year history of longitudinal melanonychia and periungual hyperpigmentation.	2
Tinea incognito describes fungal infections with atypical clinical features and is usually caused by administration of steroids.	2
Clearance and adverse effects of efavirenz are associated with CYP2B6-G516T polymorphism.	2
Hepatitis C virus RNA was negative after 12 mo of treatment.	2
PURPOSE: To report a case with concentric retinal pigment epithelium (RPE) atrophy after a single photodynamic therapy (PDT).	2
Treatment with high-dose intravenous IgG (HDIgG; a first-generation preparation) was ineffective, but a course of steroids resulted in a rapid increase in the the platelet count.	2
MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Visual acuity, color vision, Goldmann perimetry testing, and fundus photography.	2
No published reports of priapism with antidepressants were located, but 11 cases have been reported to the manufacturers.	2
Meningitis can be caused in experimental performing a lumbar puncture (LP) after bacteraemia.	2
Bacteriology cultures revealed colonies of aspergillus fumigatus in all bone samples.	2
One of the patients presented hyperprolactinemia and a raised estrogen/androgen ratio but the hormone levels were not raised in the other.	2
The definitive role of antiviral therapy is yet to be clarified.	2
She received 3.8 mg cumulative dose of vincristin before development of ptosis.	2
These two cases of acute leukemia, which developed 3 years after diagnosis of breast cancer and initiation of chemotherapy, were characterized by trilineage dysplasia and pancytopenia, and had abnormalities of chromosomes 5 and 7: characteristics consistent with treatment-related leukemia.	2
The treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer to the liver has been a significant problem for clinicians in the past.	2
In contrast, none of 27 nondiabetic healthy normal controls or 10 diabetics who had never received protamine or protamine-containing insulin had levels of antiprotamine immunoglobulin E over background.	2
Twelve hours after admission, "diabetic ketoacidosis" was diagnosed on the basis of elevated glycaemia, glycosuria, ketonuria and a low bicarbonate blood level, which led to treatment with fluids and regular insulin infusion.	2
The first signs of joint manifestations started one year after HIV seroconversion and resolved when antiviral treatment with AZT was started.	2
CASE SUMMARY: A 75-year-old white man received 23.6 grams of ofloxacin over a 51-day period for epididymitis.	2
On January 22, laboratory tests showed normal values of CK, CK-MB, and myoglobin.	2
These results indicate that CFSE dilution assay will be useful for the diagnosis and monitoring of drug hypersensitivity.	2
A pulmonary restrictive defect with a prominent decline of forced vital capacity (FVC) when the patient was on supine position was recorded.	2
Six consecutive patients with HIV infection and NCPH were the subject of this series.	2
RESULTS: Six preterm and 2 term patients were included in the study.	2
Clonazepam for the treatment of lancinating phantom limb pain.	2
Pityriasis lichenoides-like eruption occurring during therapy for myelogenous leukemia.	2
Its aetiology is variable and it remains difficult to treat.	2
RESULTS: Within the first 4 weeks after the injection, dense cataract developed necessitating cataract surgery.	2
Subsequent observation revealed the presence of choreiform movements.	2
Coronary thrombolysis with streptokinase or tissue plasminogen activator is useful for the treatment of acute myocardial infarction in selected patients.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Serious lead poisoning continues to occur and there appears to be complacency regarding the hazard posed by lead paint in old houses.	2
The patient recovered from renal failure and no other side effects were observed.	2
Continuing the treatment with 13-cis-retinoic acid without systemic steroid eventually cleared the systemic manifestations and skin lesions.	2
Her immunoglobulins in serum were checked on PHT and after 15 years treatment with carbamazepine.	2
Oral anticoagulant therapy: a precipitating factor in the pathogenesis of cholesterol embolization?	2
Emphasis is placed on the significance of the possible relationship and similarity between NIS and catatonic stupor, and on the theoretical possibilities which this offers.	2
The patient was successfully managed with clopidogrel therapy during the 16 months follow-up without recurrent thrombotic or hemorrhagic events.	2
However, little is known about this complication immediately after vertebral artery stenting.	2
In two of the patients there appeared to be a correlation between the severity of the psoriasis and the dosage of interferon.	2
A 43-year-old woman received cisplatin 60 mg/m2 in 15 minutes during her sixth cycle of therapy.	2
Cell-mediated immune reactions mediated by OKT8+T cells might have caused the leukopenia, although other mechanisms involving cytotoxic antibodies or antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity cannot be excluded.	2
When the therapy was discontinued, the frequency and amplitude of the myoclonus increased, and synchronous and weak myoclonus also was observed in the left abdomen.	2
Acute leukemia following prolonged cytotoxic agent therapy.	2
Microangiopathic cytokines released in response to the GVHD and infection may damage the intima of microvessels that were previously injured by the two BMT.	2
Radioisotopic control for baclofen pump catheter failure.	2
All had a history of chronic graft-vs-host disease (cGVHD) and all had active manifestations of cGVHD at MN diagnosis.	2
Clinical and radiological improvements were achieved after treatment with corticosteroid and tamoxifen.	2
RESULTS: Among a total of 3,648 ICD-related procedures performed between 1983 and 2005, we identified 47 (1.3%) cases of ICD infections, of which 5 (0.1%) were due to a fungal pathogen.	2
Both had no past history of psychiatric or behavioural disorder.	2
Early diagnosis and prompt surgical treatment are the keys to success in the treatment of this limb-threatening complication.	2
Development and course of subjective and objective phenomena seem to be typical for patients in whom Ukrain could induce long-term complete remission.	2
At surgery, the only significant findings were that the coeliac lymph nodes were enlarged and stained purplish black as were the omentum and the intraperitoneal fat.	2
The potential risk of carcinogenicity has delayed more extensive clinical trials.	2
It binds to both active and inactive conformations of the ABL gene and is 325 times more potent than imatinib in inhibiting the growth of BCR/ABL cells in vitro (Morelock and Sahn, Chest 1999;116:212-21; Huggins and Sahn, Clin Chest Med 2004;25:141-53).	2
After previously tolerating ECT well, introduction of moxifloxacin for a respiratory tract infection was associated with prolonged seizure duration despite complete resolution of her respiratory complaint.	2
Microscopic examination of these colonies showed a high percentage of histiocytes identical to those seen in the patient's bone marrow.	2
We present a case of chronic postoperative Propionibacterium acnes endophthalmitis in which the diagnosis was made by anterior chamber paracentesis, and topical, periocular, and systemic antibiotic therapy resolved the inflammation.	2
Blood findings during blast transformation were heterogeneous, including normal blood morphologic findings in 1 patient, leukocytosis with circulating blasts and basophilia in 1, and marked pancytopenia in 1.	2
Drug-induced gingival enlargement has been reported in patients treated with various types of anticonvulsant drugs, and is generally associated with the presence of plaque, gingival inflammation, and a genetic predisposition.	2
Fluorescein angiography was performed to confirm the presence of neovascularization.	2
CONCLUSIONS: The use of IL-2 in bedridden patients with performance status >2 must be given on an individualized basis.	2
Multiple reports in the last decade have shown increased mortality and increased utilization of resources in patients who received catheterization of the right side of the heart.	2
Late postpartum eclampsia coincident with postdural puncture headache: a case report.	2
We feel that hormonal treatment may be tried as first modality in the treatment of Youssef's syndrome, before resorting to surgery.	2
This report describes SIADH that developed in an elderly woman with single dermatomal herpes varicella zoster ophthalmicus without evidence of varicella zoster encephalitis or dissemination.	2
He became completely premorbid 2 weeks after administration of levodopa.	2
The problem of differential diagnosis and treatment.	2
Our patient, diagnosed with persistent ovarian carcinoma, had a peritoneal Tenckoff catheter placed for chemotherapy.	2
The overall response rate was 20%, and a further 40% achieved stable disease.	2
This event rendered a family grief-stricken and numerous health care providers forever changed.	2
The evolution is fairly stereotypical and is marked by a regression of the lesions following a dose reduction or curtailment of interferon.	2
Anaesthesiologists and physicians dealing with the management of Cushing's disease need to be aware of this possibility.	2
Dalteparin, an LMWH, was started at a maximum dose of 18,000 units subcutaneously once daily, according to British national prescribing guidelines.	2
Acute myelogenous leukemia following treatment of invasive cervix carcinoma: a case report and a review of the literature.	2
A case is presented in which, during regular endodontic treatment, uncontrollable bleeding occurred, suggestive of a generalized bleeding disorder.	2
After an intravenous course with acyclovir, the child made a full recovery with no neurologic sequelae.	2
7. The vast majority of patients reported in the literature with ANLL complicating underlying malignancies have received cytotoxic drugs for prolonged periods (median 3 1/2 years) and leukemia developed most commonly 3 to 5 years after the diagnosis of the underlying disease.	2
These data indicate that lithium may limit the therapeutic efficacy of reserpine in tardive dyskinesia.	2
Propionibacterium avidum is a Gram-positive, nonsporulating, facultative anaerobe that has a low level of virulence and is rarely pathogenic.	2
Topical steroids remain the mainstay of therapy, but topical tacrolimus has recently been used to treat OLP resistant to topical corticosteroids.	2
We retrospectively reviewed 16 patients with recurrent/metastatic head and neck cancer who received S-1 monotherapy.	2
Repeated relapse occurred despite a variety of treatments until the institution of high-dose neuroleptic therapy.	2
Analysis of the literature on scrofuloderma between 1978-1993 disclosed that the number of cases with extracervical involvement are increasing.	2
SETTING: Intensive care unit of a tertiary care hospital.	2
The patient was successfully treated with intravenous pamidronate on his first admission and with hydrocortisone on the second.	2
Surprisingly, insulin therapy had to be suspended because of hypoglycemic fits and treatment with metformin was started.	2
DESIGN: Observational case report.	2
Adults with immunosuppression should receive prompt systemic treatment with acyclovir.	2
OBJECTIVE: This case study provides practical information for general practitioners in the detection, assessment and management of patients with cough mixture opioid dependence.	2
Progressive outer retinal necrosis after bone marrow transplantation.	2
It was concluded that mitoxantrone-cyclophosphamide is an effective chemotherapeutic combination with minimal toxicity and should be further studied in larger controlled trials.	2
A case is described in which non-convulsive status epilepticus (NCSE) prompted further investigation leading to the diagnosis of Lafora body disease (LBD).	2
Calcimimetics are a new class of drugs approved in the European Community and the United States by the Food and Drug Administration that were designed to suppress parathyroid hormone (PTH) levels with a simultaneous reduction in serum calcium and phosphorus levels, and calcium phosphorus product (Ca x P).	2
Unexpectedly, liver function returned to normal on stopping the drug.	2
Spinal meningiomas predominantly arise in the fourth to sixth decades of life and are more common in women.	2
Three of the 36 patients were receiving aspirin for the treatment of juvenile rheumatoid arthritis.	2
A second case involves a 21-year-old woman who substituted generic carbamazepine because of financial problems.	2
The patient was subicteric at the time.	2
Traditional risk factor analysis and screening were performed.	2
PATIENTS AND METHODS: Here, we describe the application of this device in two patients with a complicated course of shunt infection.	2
It seems likely that these reactions were caused by rifabutin, alone or together with other drugs such as clarithromycin.	2
Discontinuation of acetazolamide produced an immediate threefold drop in the level of urinary calcium excretion and a slight rise in tubular reabsorption of phosphate, with no dectectable change in serum calcium or phosphate concentrations.	2
These side effects may be inadvertently confused with other behavioral or psychiatric conditions, especially if exacerbation of existing challenging behavior occurs.	2
This case illustrates the importance of dermatological manifestations of systemic disease as an accessible source for diagnosis and guidance in appropriate therapy.	2
Medical treatment of fungal endocarditis on prosthetic valves can be successful in selected cases.	2
AIMS: The aim of this study was to report on the effectiveness and tumor side effects of topical interferon (INF) alpha 2-beta in a case of conjunctiva-cornea intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN) of a patient that rejected any surgical procedure.	2
The diagnosis of DIHS was made based on the patient's history of using an offending drug, clinical manifestations and laboratory data showing peripheral eosinophilia with the presence of atypical lymphocytes.	2
MR detected brain abnormalities in four patients, three of whom had concomitant neurologic dysfunction.	2
The findings from transbronchial lung biopsy and bronchoalveolar lavage (BAL) were consistent with an organizing diffuse alveolar damage pattern.	2
Seizures in patients receiving concomitant antimuscarinics and acetylcholinesterase inhibitor.	2
Our findings suggest that clozapine plus lamotrigine may be helpful in reducing alcohol consumption and craving among patients with schizophrenia and comorbid alcohol dependence.	2
Successful elective lumbar spine surgery was performed 4 days post-myocardial infarction during perioperative beta-blockade, after cardiology evaluation recommended surgery without further evaluation.	2
PURPOSE: To report a case of bilateral Acanthamoeba keratitis with late, atypical recurrence after penetrating keratoplasty a chaud.	2
With this approach there is minimal surgical trauma and the IOL is retained.	2
The clinical effect and safety of Lp-TAE alone and combined with radiofrequency (RF) capacitive hyperthermia (HT) were evaluated in 20 patients with hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) associated with cirrhosis of the liver.	2
Sputum in the three cases failed to reveal acid-fast bacilli, pathogenic fungi, or opportunistic organisms by cultures and appropriate stains.	2
We used Hybrizep (a method for detecting the genes of bacteria ingested in phagocytes), to detect the causative bacterium in a 50-year-old woman receiving peritoneal dialysis who was admitted our hospital with bacterial peritonitis.	2
The patient did well until developing a rapidly progressive lesion of the left neck.	2
Rupture of the plantar fascia.	2
He was given adriamycin 50 mg/m2 and cyclophosphamide 350 mg/m2 for 6 days followed by 4 days of vincristine 1 mg/m2 and bleomycin 10 mg/m2.	2
During hemoperfusion a mean clearance of chloramphenicol of 27.4 ml/min was achieved.	2
Mianserin 30 mg/day, etizolam 1 mg/day and flunitrazepam 1 mg/day were administered.	2
Typically, regional sympathetic blockade or sympathectomy is employed.	2
Complete recovery occurred in all but two patients typically within 1-8 weeks of discontinuation of phenytoin.	2
Disseminated histoplasmosis complicating bone marrow transplantation.	2
Unexpected and prolonged akinesia: a case report.	2
A 46-year-old man began taking nicotinic acid, 3 g daily, for hypercholesterolemia.	2
He had a 1-year history of mechanical aortic valve replacement and coronary stent placement because of myocardial infarction and he was taking warfarin and clopidogrel.	2
By using the preloaded biliary catheter, adequate positioning of the laser fiber was achieved in all patients.	2
Symptoms resolved within 2 days, and she continued venlafaxine with no further adverse effects.	2
A number of studies have shown that hyperuricaemia is associated with an increased incidence of coronary heart disease.	2
CD-20 expression in post-transplant lymphoproliferative disorders: treatment with rituximab.	2
The subsequent clinical course was unremarkable until postoperative day 146, when a deep stromal infiltrate was present at the graft-host junction, associated with a dense endothelial plaque.	2
No complications resulting from secondary infection occurred.	2
Obese patients represent a unique group of patients in which TDM is extremely valuable in optimizing dosing, particularly in high-dose chemotherapy.	2
Ten weeks after infliximab infusion, neutrophil count and GBA and anti-NA assay returned spontaneously within normal range and we observed the same progress after every successive infliximab infusion we performed.	2
Compensatory hyperhidrosis: a consequence of truncal sympathectomy treated by video assisted application of botulinum toxin and reoperation.	2
We present a patient with systemic lupus erythematosus who presented with nephrotic range pseudoproteinuria using an acid precipitation method of testing.	2
Within hours of the intravenous thiamine, her hypotension resolved.	2
One hundred and forty one cases from the literature are reviewed with special reference to patient characteristics, patient treatment, and prognosis.	2
Kennedy Institute in Glostrup, Denmark.	2
Localized herpes simplex (HSV) type II following intra-articular corticosteroid injection is remarkable.	2
SETTING: Tertiary pediatric cardiac center.	2
METHODS: Prospective interventional case series of three patients with nonischaemic CRVO who were treated with L-CRA.	2
Alkylating agents have a well established role in the treatment of malignant disease, with well documented side effects.	2
These medications do not require medical prescriptions, so often parents use them, bypassing paediatricians.	2
Over the following months, he developed unusual symptoms involving the legs and genitourinary tract which, only after extensive investigations, were attributed to ischemic damage to the spinal cord related to the surgery.	2
In each case, the decline in free SDC was temporally related to the resolution of digoxin toxicity; in one case, digoxin intoxication recurred and was associated with a rebound increase in free SDC.	2
Brain abscess following insertion of skull traction.	2
Joubert syndrome is a rare autosomal recessive disease characterized by hypotonia, ataxia, episodic hyperpnea, psychomotor retardation, abnormal ocular movements, cerebellar vermian hypoplasia, and molar tooth sign on magnetic resonance imaging.	2
Protamine sulphate 50 mg was given i.v., resulting in cessation of bleeding and normalization of the thrombelastogram and KCT.	2
Thus, we suggest that a hypercoagulable status possibly created by both the malignancy and cisplatin-based chemotherapy may have played a significant role in the development of the aortic thrombus.	2
CONCLUSION: Although the mechanism is not clear, these cases add to several other reports concerning the sudden emergence of obsessive-compulsive symptoms and anxiety symptoms in children treated with atypical antipsychotics.	2
Also to be considered in the differential diagnosis are multifocal infection and polysynovitis/arthritis of other etiology.	2
She developed skin changes, diabetes mellitus, heart disease, recurrent infections, generalized joint and abdominal pains and liver failure.	2
Diffuse proliferative glomerulonephritis after bone marrow transplantation.	2
We report a case of cytomegalovirus retinitis which occurred 6 months after renal transplantation and was successfully treated with an investigational drug, ganciclovir (DHPG [Dihydroxy propoxymethyl guanine], Cytovene, BW-B759U), via intravenous administration, with resolution of active retinal lesions and the cessation of cytomegalovirus shedding in the urine.	2
SIADH appeared to be transient and asymptomatic in our patients.	2
Leishmaniasis: a rare cause of unexplained fever in a renal graft recipient.	2
We wish to alert other anaesthetists that the use of epidural anaesthesia in this setting may mask the symptoms and delay the diagnosis of this rare complication.	2
Tardive oculogyric crisis (OGC) is a dystonic syndrome that starts after long-term use of dopamine receptor antagonists.	2
The presence of diabetes constitutes a cluster of particularly high cardiovascular risks in patients, both regarding diabetic damage and hypertensive damage.	2
This study covers 3 years of experience with patient reporting in daily practice.	2
Further surveillance and caution are suggested in patients with known coronary artery disease or atrial dysrhythmia.	2
A punch biopsy showed the presence of KS, whereas a polymerase chain reaction assay documented the presence of human herpes virus type 8 (HHV8) DNA in the skin lesion.	2
This observation might suggest caution when cisplatin is used in patients with cardiac disease or pretreated with other potential cardiotoxic antineoplastic agents.	2
Although haloperidol was discontinued, no further hallucinations or delusions occurred.	2
It has also been advocated as an intervention for diagnostic use to assess uncommon types of tachycardia.	2
Systemic immunomodulatory agents have recently been approved for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis and psoriasis.	2
Blastoschizomyces capitatus infection in acute leukemia patients.	2
CONCLUSION: There is currently no consensus regarding the optimal therapeutic approach to Merkel cell carcinoma.	2
On the 6th post-procedural day, the patient complained of new right knee pain.	2
Continued occurrence of Accutane-exposed pregnancies.	2
In this report we describe a patient with hyperthyroidism whose symptoms initially were thought to be adverse effects of the inhaled bronchodilator medications.	2
We report a case of shunt infection subsequent to insertion of a ventriculoatrial shunt for obstructive hydrocephalus caused by a cerebellar hematoma.	2
The partial lesion of the cord at T7 predominantly involved the spinothalamic pathways on the left side.	2
The patient expired from cachexia three months later.	2
A case report.	2
Aluminum infusions should be used with caution in patients with renal failure.	2
Within hours of leaving the operating room, he began to develop postoperative neurologic deficits in his extremities, which progressed to a classic Brown-Sequard syndrome.	2
Fournier's gangrene is a fulminant necrotizing fasciitis of the scrotum and penis, often with an infectious etiology.	2
They also suggest that liver enzymes should be monitored during treatment with riluzole.	2
We report here the case of rituximab administration during the first trimester of pregnancy in a woman with autoimmune hemolytic anemia.	2
A case is presented in which the catatonic-like behavior and extrapyramidal sequelae of the neuroleptic malignant syndrome responded to combined treatment with anticholinergics and levodopa/carbidopa.	2
Hemostasis was difficult to achieve, as the divided or disrupted amyloid-laden cortical vessels failed to vasoconstrict, their contractile elements replaced by amyloid beta protein.	2
Later, confirmatory urine testing of both patients using high-performance liquid chromatography was negative for tricyclic antidepressants.	2
The hematologic response parameters and clinical outcomes to each of the therapies given are described.	2
TSH remained persistently raised and the patient became thyrotoxic.	2
Adjuvant chemotherapy was not indicated and anastrozole hormonotherapy was started.	2
The process worsened during the two weeks following steroid cessation.	2
Although these hormone therapies are generally considered benign, we describe 3 cases of acute cardiac rejection temporally associated with the use of these drugs in men who have undergone cardiac transplantation.	2
Behavioural changes were not related to seizure activity.	2
Therefore, the possibility of an association by chance cannot be ruled out.	2
Diagnosis was assessed according to the international AIH scoring system, including liver biopsy and confirmed by positive response to steroid challenge.	2
Glucocorticoids may be useful as short-term palliative therapy for acute exacerbations of Crohn disease.	2
These findings support recent evidence identifying TNF-alpha as an inhibitor of autoantibody formation.	2
CASE SUMMARY: A 15-year-old boy of Turkish origin, diagnosed as having FMF at the age of 14 years, was treated with colchicine 1.5 mg/d.	2
This was complicated by a persistent cerebrospinal fluid leak that was successfully managed by purse-string sutures over the dura around the catheter, without removing the intrathecal implant.	2
PURPOSE: The purpose of this report is to emphasise the role of the Acute Pain Service in managing local anaesthetic epidural infusions for postoperative pain management, the importance of vigilant monitoring, and to offer some guidelines to using local anaesthetic epidural infusions.	2
PATIENT AND HISTORY: A 58-year-old man with GIST metastatic to the right lobe of the liver, treated with tyrosine kinase inhibitors, underwent a right hepatectomy requiring multiple transfusions.	2
Successful treatment of post-transplant lymphoproliferative disorder in autologous blood stem cell transplant recipients.	2
The liver status had been controlled by consecutive liver biopsies.	2
Target Hct/Hgbs were attained and exceeded, although iron indices were not fully achieved.	2
It is severe enough to require discontinuation of therapy in 1-10 percent of patients.	2
An emergency tracheostomy was life saving.	2
INTERVENTION: The LASIK flap was lifted or amputated, samples were submitted for Ziehl-Neelsen acid-fast stain and Lowenstein-Jensen's agar cultures for diagnosis; topical treatment with fortified clarithromycin and amikacin was administered until clinical resolution.	2
Renal biopsy demonstrated lesions characteristic of rapidly progressive glomerulonephritis with minor interstitial changes.	2
RESULTS: Of the 18 patients treated with MMF, there were 11 men (61.1%) and seven women (38.8%), with an overall mean age of 55.5 years.	2
Black cohosh is one of the most popular herbal therapies for premenstrual discomfort, hot flushes and other climacteric and menopausal symptoms.	2
Clinicians should be aware of this entity, as Nocardia Asteroides may need more than 5 days of culture to be isolated.	2
Immune-mediated hemolytic anemia is a well-recognized complication of hematopoietic stem cell transplantation.	2
Magnetic resonance of the brain showed a small cortical hemorrhagic infarct.	2
MR of the brain was performed in eight patients (mean age, 14.9 years) with osteogenic sarcoma during or after IV treatment with high-dose methotrexate.	2
An unusual case of psoas abscess complicating one of the earliest performed ileo-anal pouch anastomoses is reported.	2
There is a disagreement regarding imaging studies.	2
One individual who took crystalline niacin had beneficial effects on lipid levels, while the other person who took a delayed release preparation had little lipid effect.	2
Two patients with refractory seizures failed to respond to anticonvulsants, and their seizures were controlled only after parenteral pyridoxine.	2
The difference in DGTX concentration between the unprocessed and dialysed samples was the amount of DGTX bound to plasma proteins and the small fraction of unbound DGTX being relevant for the therapeutic and toxic effects of the drug.	2
Removal of the deposit ended the corneal erosion and returned visual acuity to normal.	2
In addition, we know of no evidence specific to the treatment effect of epoetin alfa and/or darbepoetin alfa on A1C.	2
Detailed pathological study of a case.	2
Early high-dose intravenous methylprednisolone in acute disseminated encephalomyelitis: a successful recovery.	2
Clinicians need to be aware of this drug-induced condition and the potential increased risk associated with concurrent use of multiple psychotropics.	2
Diuresis returned within 12 h.	2
Speech arrest, agitation, tremor, ataxia, and downward gaze deviation in a 5-year-old female 13 days after orthotopic liver transplant are reported.	2
In our experience it is better than single agent chemotherapy.	2
More recently, however, thalidomide treatment has been reintroduced to adult and paediatric practice for a variety of dermatologic, immunologic, rheumatologic and neoplastic disorders.	2
Trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole, pseudomembranous colitis, and spinal cord injury.	2
Thus, our report suggests that SKT could be a first-line agent for the conservative treatment of TOS.	2
All target symptoms disappeared in the patients after an average of (mean+/-S.D.) 24.5+/-18.1 days.	2
Plasma concentrations of carbamazepine and carbamazepine-10,11-epoxide were measured using high-performance liquid chromatography.	2
There was no evidence of worsening of the myotonic symptoms.	2
Amphojeloma: antacid impaction in a critically ill patient.	2
Radiation-induced fibrosis (RIF) is a terminal sequela to irradiation that does not regress spontaneously.	2
According to current knowledge, avoiding unnecessary resection unless it is inevitable is an acceptable option for the management of eosinophilic jejunitis disease.	2
This represents the first reported case of syphilitic meningitis in a lupus patient.	2
While the pathogenetic and clinical relationship between the different autoimmune-dysreactive complications is still unclear, and the supporting role of the frequent immunosuppressive treatment may add significantly to these risk factors, clinicians who are engaged in the management of these patients should be aware that multiple, concurrent or subsequent disorders might occur in these subjects, and also that severe infections might be of relevant concern.	2
Other related complications include decreased bone healing and inhibition of orthodontic tooth movement.	2
Gastrointestinal hemorrhage due to duodenal erosion by a biliary wallstent.	2
Failure to recognize it and discontinue the offending agents may result in unnecessary morbidity and occasionally, irreversible renal failure.	2
Careful echocardiographic monitoring is indicated in such cases.	2
One month later recurrence appeared in the right eye, as a central corneal infiltrate in the graft.	2
He had a similar urticarial rash 1.5 years earlier with this product and was instructed not to use it.	2
Despite the widespread use of beta-sympathomimetic agents for preterm labour there appears to be a limited appreciation of the need for cardiovascular monitoring in the mother.	2
Despite maximal anti-glaucomatous medication, IOP still could not be controlled.	2
Management of immunocompromised patients with diffuse pulmonary infiltrates remains a common and stubbornly difficult problems.	2
With the alarming increase in incidence of tuberculosis in the United States over the past several years a review of anti-tuberculosis medications and their potential side effects is warranted.	2
Treatment was discontinued; the patient was managed with monitored IV hydration and loop diuretics, high dose corticosteroids and fresh frozen plasma infusions and recovered completely.	2
The catheter failure was not visualised by plain X-ray nor by filling the pump with radio-opaque solution.	2
Based on these properties, GIRK activators have been suggested as candidates for antiepileptic drug development.	2
The possible mechanisms of photo-onycholysis development by modern atypical antipsychotics, modulating dopamine receptors, are discussed.	2
Acute toxic delirium.	2
Leprechaunism is an autosomal recessive disease characterized by elfin-like faces, loss of glucose homeostasis, and severe insulin resistance.	2
Rapid liver failure related to chronic C hepatitis in an HIV seropositive hemophilic patient with severe immunodepression.	2
Vaccination as a triggering event for autoimmune hepatitis.	2
More recent literature suggests that probably all antidepressants can appear in human milk.	2
The nature of the process was not recognized initially, and the patient was treated with intravenous antibiotics.	2
In addition, growth failure was documented beginning at approximately 8 years; bone age was delayed and stimulated GH peaks after clonidine and arginine were 2.2 and 9.2 microg/l, respectively.	2
Treatment of atenolol overdose in a patient with renal failure using serial hemodialysis and hemoperfusion and associated echocardiographic findings.	2
The two cases occurred on days 2 and 3 post-BMT, respectively.	2
A 74-year-old man who had been diagnosed with malignant mesothelioma developed malignant lymphoma of B-cell origin involving the penis.	2
These observations suggest that E. avium bacteremia most often originated from a gastrointestinal tract source.	2
Thrombosis of the left main coronary artery complicating percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty has, to our knowledge, not previously been reported.	2
Three case studies are the basis for a discussion of the criminalization hypothesis as it may apply to psychiatric probationers and parolees in the criminal justice system.	2
METHODS: The investigations were carried out on 186 liver biopsies and 5 autopsies.	2
Calculation of this volume from peak and trough levels showed an increase of the volume of distribution during and after chemotherapy.	2
Caution is therefore recommended in using ACE inhibitors to treat hypertension in patients with ADPKD who are at high risk because of compromised renal function and massive cystic involvement.	2
The complexity of this situation can generate an impaired consciousness in the patients.	2
Nocardia brain abscess is a rare condition, seen most commonly among immunocompromised patients.	2
After 2 weeks, visual acuity was better and improvement was evident on topography, pachymetry, and slitlamp photography.	2
Despite satisfactory hemodynamic measurements under general anesthesia, we postulated that she suffered from increased pulmonary vascular reactivity and commenced her on Sildenafil treatment.	2
The patient had none of the risk factors known to influence the response to the coumarinic derivative except that she carried the rare *3 allelic variant of the cytochrome P450 CYP2C9 in a homozygous status.	2
This is the second report to describe such findings, which are attributed to damage of the inferior division of the third cranial nerve secondary to manipulation of adjacent ethmoid tissues.	2
Hypercalcemia has not been previously reported during treatment with topical tacalcitol.	2
After 3 months of pharmacological wash out, patient become pregnant and manifested this severe malformation.	2
Toxic manifestation includes myoclonus, ataxia, confusion and sudden death.	2
DATA SOURCES: Case reports and review articles identified by MEDLINE.	2
Only after early oral and maxillofacial review and taking a thorough family history was C1 esterase-inhibitor deficiency diagnosed.	2
In both cases, spontaneous resolution occurred over several weeks following withdrawal of the drug.	2
A 26-year-old man developed painless inferior subepithelial infiltrates away from the site of ablation in both eyes after excimer laser photorefractive keratectomy (PRK) for myopia.	2
This is the first reported use of high-dose-rate remote brachytherapy (HDR) to treat RMS in young children.	2
Histologically, the heart presented diffuse eosinophilic infiltrates located around perivascular structures and focal myocyte necrosis with numerous interstitial eosinophils admixed with histiocytes.	2
Appropriate treatment for neurosyphilis was instituted.	2
It is unknown whether the vitamin K content or malabsorption of warfarin is the mechanism of resistance.	2
CASE REPORT: Two of our patients with history of ingestion of carbamazepine were tested positive on screening with the tricyclic antidepressant immunoassay.	2
Myoclonus is a movement disorder of various etiologies.	2
CONCLUSIONS: We reported the association of multiple sclerosis and intracranial meningioma and observed the progression of the meningiomas during interferon treatment.	2
Systemic and topical antibiotics were administered and urgent surgical debridement and replacement of the LASIK flap was performed.	2
Two case reports.	2
With many HIV-infected patients surviving alkylator and topoisomerase inhibitor-based treatment and radiation therapy for AIDS-defining cancers and NADCs, long-term follow-up for therapy-related complications assumes greater importance.	2
He had complex partial seizures refractory to several antiepileptic drugs since 4 years of age.	2
Histologic examination of skin biopsy specimens from the patients' UV-B and UV-A test sites and lesional skin revealed an acute eczematous dermatitis.	2
We report a patient who developed CD7+ therapy-related acute myeloid leukemia (t-AML) with trisomy 8 after chemotherapy for AML.	2
BACKGROUND: Oxaliplatin is a platinum derivative, which is used in the treatment of colorectal cancer.	2
STUDY DESIGN: Harvesting of autologous bone graft from the posterior iliac crest for lumbar spinal fusions is a frequently performed procedure in orthopedic surgery.	2
Biophysiological effects of Ukrain therapy in a patient with breast cancer (case report).	2
Bilateral recurrent pneumothorax complicating chemotherapy for pulmonary metastatic breast ductal carcinoma: report of a case.	2
CASE SUMMARY: A 57-year-old female suffered from osteomyelitis of the left humerus, with a white blood cell (WBC) count of 2.8 x 10(3)/mm3 and absolute neutrophil count (ANC) of 0.28 x 10(3)/mm3, occurring after 24 days of vancomycin therapy.	2
DISCUSSION: Haloperidol is often used in the ICU for control of severe agitation, even in patients without a psychiatric history.	2
Persistence of the proximal portion of the right umbilical vein is described in a premature infant.	2
Both patients underwent cerebrospinal fluid shunting mainly for their hydrocephalus.	2
Churg-Strauss disease (CSD) is a rare allergic disorder that is associated with vasculitis, peripheral eosinophilia and allergic asthma.	2
The authors present histologic confirmation of CNS granulomatous angiitis in a child with chronic GVHD after BMT.	2
Mitoxantrone and cyclophosphamide in advanced breast cancer: a pilot study.	2
Eleven were seropositive and 2 had Felty's syndrome.	2
CONCLUSION: Patients receiving inhaled morphine should be closely monitored and resuscitation equipment should be readily available.	2
All these resolved on reducing the dosage of cyclosporin.	2
Transdermal scopolamine delivery system (TRANSDERM-V) and acute angle-closure glaucoma.	2
The long-acting somatostatin analogue octreotide (LAR, 30 mg/month, i.m.), was started, and after 2 weeks diarrhea decreased and gradually disappeared.	2
A case of cicatricial pemphigoid with circulating IgA and IgG antibodies directed against 280 kD, 165 kD and 120-130 kD epidermal antigens.	2
She was 37 years old at the time of initial diagnosis.	2
CONCLUSIONS: The authors suggest that conventional treatments be limited to a 2-month period, and that alcohol neurolysis be applied as soon as possible to prevent lengthy pain experiences.	2
Ampicillin trihydrate aggravated the symptoms of two myasthenic patients.	2
Surveillance in the intensive care unit is mandatory during readministration of the drug.	2
Stevens-Johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis: consequence of treatment of an emerging pathogen.	2
Pulmonary manifestations of interferon (IFN) use are a rare but well known complication seen with both standard and pegylated interferon alpha-2b (pegIFNalpha-2b) forms of the agent.	2
Antihistamines did not inhibit the LAR but totally or partially inhibited the immediate response.	2
Thus, further therapy must not be withheld.	2
CONCLUSION: We believe this observed rate of serious infection is acceptable in the context of optimally treating active RA.	2
This case demonstrates that TZDs may precipitate weight gain and pulmonary and peripheral edema in patients with stable heart failure.	2
Six months postoperatively, she underwent a new scan that showed a normal supraspinatus tendon.	2
Twenty patients with myelodysplastic syndromes (MDS) entered a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind trial designed to evaluate the efficacy and toxicity of high doses of recombinant human erythropoietin (rhEPO).	2
Clozapine is the least likely anti-psychotic to induce extrapyramidal symptoms (EPS).	2
METHODS: A patient with C6D tetraplegia who sustained intoxication because of drug interaction is presented.	2
The buried bumper syndrome is a rare and late complication of percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy tube placement.	2
Atomic absorption analysis showed no significant change in the aluminium content of bone with treatment.	2
Therefore repetitive clinical muscle power tests, that often are complicated by painful myalgia and activation potentiation, can be replaced by recordings of CMAP in the introduction and clinical follow up of cholinergic drug treatment in LEMS.	2
Use of rituximab and irradiated donor-derived lymphocytes to control Epstein-Barr virus-associated lymphoproliferation in patients undergoing related haplo-identical stem cell transplantation.	2
The expected number of AML/MDS developing in a general population of the same size was 1.2 as calculated from the National Cancer Institute's Surveillance, Epidemiology, and End Results (SEER) Program data (observed-to-expected ratio = 2.49; 95% confidence interval = 0.9-7.3; p = 0.12).	2
This report describes 2 generations of a family with symptoms of sensory overstimulation that exhibit a potassium sensitivity similar to that seen in hypokalemic periodic paralysis.	2
Teriparatide is a promising treatment for patients who have failed bisphosphonate treatment or who are at high risk for fracture.	2
Other case reports of second malignant neoplasms (SMN) following acute leukemia are cited; available data suggest that the overall risk of SMN in AML may be in the range of 6%.	2
INTRODUCTION: Although the copperhead (Akistrodon contortrix) is responsible for most Crotaline envenomations in the Carolinas, manifestations and treatment are poorly characterized.	2
Our results suggest that patients with CLL in whom AML/MDS develops have similar prognoses to other patients with AML/MDS.	2
Acne fulminans and 13-cis-retinoic acid.	2
OBJECTIVE: To demonstrate the potential value of obtaining routine fungal cultures of donor rims at the time of corneal transplantation and instituting prophylactic therapy in culture-positive cases, even in the absence of clinical evidence of established microbial keratitis or endophthalmitis.	2
PEComas demonstrated loss of TSC2 protein expression and evidence of baseline mTORC1 activation.	2
However in some patients requiring emergency cardiac or vascular surgery, reexposure to heparin may be unavoidable.	2
We report that perospirone may have had positive effects on the obesity of three patients with schizophrenia and on the fasting blood sugar (FBS) and HbA1C of two of them who had type 2 diabetes mellitus.	2
A case of gouty arthritis following percutaneous radiofrequency ablation for hepatocellular carcinoma.	2
Four of 5 chronic hemo- or peritoneal dialysis patients also received multiple antibiotics.	2
Extensive visual loss with topical facial steroids.	2
The patient developed severe and suicidal depression which responded solely to testosterone.	2
All-trans-retinoic acid is an effective induction treatment for acute promyelocytic leukemia.	2
The pathogenesis and management of this process are reviewed.	2
This case report stresses the need for control of the rheumatic condition prior to the initiation of antineoplastic therapy.	2
Fifteen patients with active disease and three whose disease was inactive received increased doses of corticosteroids, and four active cases and one inactive one stayed on the same doses.	2
Therapy with spironolactone and prednisone also normalized blood pressure.	2
A diagnosis of sarcoidosis was determined from a lung biopsy.	2
A forty-two year old female with known alcoholic liver disease was given intravenous lorazepam and diazepam for delirium tremens.	2
Caution is emphasized in the use of carbonic anhydrase inhibitors in patients with obstructive airway disease.	2
Various combinations of antibiotics have been successful in achieving cure; however, at present, high-dose penicillin (greater than 25 million units/day) in combination with an aminoglycoside for a period of six weeks appears to be the optimum therapy.	2
Radiotherapy is the mainstay of treatment for early nasopharyngeal cancer, but combination chemoradiotherapy is becoming more common for patients with advanced disease since the Intergroup trial 0099 demonstrated improved progression-free survival and overall survival for chemoradiotherapy.	2
A computed tomographic (CT) scan confirmed a massive renal tumour associated with extensive retroperitoneal lymph node involvement, bony metastases and a right hip fracture.	2
Rapid heart rates with QRS complexes that are different from the sinus complexes are likely to be ventricular tachycardia.	2
Despite this experience, the patient continued to deny that quinine was the cause of his problem and that he had failed in his obligations to advise the dentist of his drug history.	2
CONCLUSIONS: This is the first report of occurrence of scleromyxedema in a patient with MS.	2
Each was analyzed to determine a mechanism of the hypersensitivity reaction and subsequent management outcomes.	2
Of the five that were treated with toxin, four showed complete resolution of symptoms after a course of treatment.	2
The generalized dystonia improved in the following 3 months and 3 years respectively in 2 patients.	2
The aim of this study is to assess the impact of oseltamivir on the control of INFVA infection in BMT recipients.	2
Their medical treatment regimens included the use of topical 1% clotrimazole.	2
CONCLUSIONS: These data demonstrate that rupture of the ventricular free wall can occur early after thrombolytic therapy and may have a subacute course.	2
In the second patient, a mild augmentation of liver enzymes occurred, followed by normalization in a few days.	2
A case is presented in which amiodarone was administered to suppress paroxysmal atrial fibrillation in a patient with an idiopathic cardiomyopathy.	2
When the patient was subsequently treated by parenteral administration of Org 10172 as anticoagulant over a period of several weeks the number of platelets rapidly increased and the patient almost completely recovered.	2
After treatment with topical corticosteroids, antiglaucoma agents, cycloplegics, hypertonic saline and tears supplements, 27 (93%) eyes recovered completely within 3-14 days.	2
Paradoxical exacerbation of the signs and symptoms of tuberculosis may occur not only after antituberculosis therapy, but also soon after the initiation of a potent combination of antiretroviral drugs in human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) serpositive patients with tuberculosis.	2
RESULTS: The ratios of alpha(1)-adrenoceptor occupancy by endogenous norepinephrine during the treatment with milnacipran, fluvoxamine and imipramine to that without drug were estimated to be 7.13, 1.00 and 4.12, respectively.	2
CASE SUMMARY: A 55-year-old man was taking an extract of C. mukul 300 mg 3 times daily to lower his cholesterol level.	2
A 3-year-old, 10.9-kg girl was admitted to the pediatric intensive care unit with the diagnosis of dilated cardiomyopathy and acute decompensated heart failure.	2
Antidepressive treatment with fluoxetine 20 mg daily was initiated which was successful.	2
The distinctive histopathological findings led to the correct diagnosis despite sparse clinical information.	2
QPR/DPR and voriconazole are considered effective for patients with life-threatening opportunistic pulmonary infections who have previously been treated with intensive regimens including radiotherapies to the lung.	2
Although controlled clinical trial data support use of clozapine in treatment-refractory schizophrenia, some patients cannot tolerate this agent or it may increase the risk of physical problems for some patients.	2
The possible causes included underlying artherosclerosis, the use of pneumatic tourniquet, surgical manipulation, and arterial spasm.	2
The case of an adolescent with PWS who experienced respiratory deterioration with an increase in rhGH and improvement with cessation of therapy is reported.	2
Continuous bladder irrigation of a 1% alum solution is a simple and generally safe method of chemical cautery to treat the bleeding urothelium.	2
All patients had abnormal counts.	2
In rare patients, systemic absorption of inhaled tobramycin may be significant enough to produce toxic effects, such as renal and vestibular toxicities.	2
Bone marrow examination showed a generalized hypocellular picture, suggestive of drug-induced bone marrow suppression.	2
Major surgery for a gastric cancer in a haemophilic with high inhibitor titre successfully performed by the use of recombinant FVIIa.	2
Oral hairy leukoplakia in nonimmunosuppressed patients.	2
ANCA was detected on admission; renal biopsy showed crescentic glomerulonephritis with focal necrotizing glomerulonephritis but no immune deposits.	2
OBJECTIVE: Tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) inhibitors have emerged as a potent treatment for rheumatoid arthritis (RA), but not without significant risks.	2
Unlike fusarial infection in patients with hematologic malignancies or bone marrow transplants, fusarial infection in SOT recipients tends to be localized, occurs later in the posttransplantation period, and has a better outcome.	2
Although the immediate postoperative course was uncomplicated, delayed onset of abdominal pain and fever lead to the diagnosis of superior mesenteric and portal vein thrombosis.	2
At the third session of TACE, the right hepatic artery was found to be thrombosed; however, angiography also demonstrated collateral feeder vessels (arising from the pancreaticoduodenal artery) which were used for treatment.	2
The patients evidenced improvement with olanzapine that equated to 16- to 31-point decreases in rating scale scores during 1-year follow-up without any hematologic abnormalities.	2
Frequency of cough is variable and although this complication has been described as a class effect, patients with a persistent, severe ACE inhibitor-induced cough may benefit from a trial of fosinopril therapy.	2
The patient was treated with triple tuberculostatic drug therapy, followed by two-drug therapy, while receiving maintenance chemotherapy for AML, including thioguanine and cytarabine.	2
Uncommonly, erythema multiforme (EM) can develop in such patients at the port site during or soon after cranial radiation and can rapidly progress to EM major.	2
As NBD-Cl has not been reported as an allergen before, the characteristics of this chemical and its use as an analytical reagent are briefly surveyed.	2
No side effect was seen.	2
However, the concentration of MHD, which peaked 7 h after intake, was only twofold higher (59.0 mg l(-1)).	2
Meglumine antimoniate, amiodarone and torsades de pointes: a case report.	2
We discuss other similar cases so physicians continue to be aware of this rare yet potentially life-threatening reaction to a commonly used medication.	2
Frequently it is also used to treat chronic pain syndromes.	2
We report a 4-year-old girl with a complicated Enterococcus faecalis ventriculoperitoneal shunt infection who failed vancomycin therapy.	2
A 26-year-old woman with extra-pulmonary Wegener's granulomatosis was treated with cyclophosphamide for 3.25 years, cumulated dose of 91 g.	2
In conclusion, NCPH should be included in the differential diagnosis of HIV-individuals presenting with clinical manifestations of portal hypertension and well preserved liver synthetic function.	2
Cyproheptadine for intrathecal baclofen withdrawal.	2
Visual acuity remained unchanged in both eyes during follow-up.	2
It is indicated in many inflammatory skin conditions characterized by polymorphonuclear cell infiltration.	2
An enucleation specimen was examined by light microscopy.	2
Low-dose methotrexate was added to their treatment regimens and led to significant improvement or clearing with a favorable side-effect profile.	2
This case raises the possibility that chronic exposure to cyanoacrylates, the adhesive agents in industrial strength glue, may be associated with the development of acute lymphoblastic leukemia in humans.	2
Moreover special caution with treatment of leishmaniasis must be taken in renal transplant because of possible interactions between antimony compounds and ciclosporin metabolites.	2
We describe the use of the Naranjo adverse drug reaction probability scale to establish causality in three cases of suspected anticonvulsant hypersensitivity syndrome with the aim of introducing clinicians to this effective tool.	2
Characteristic angiitis was found in the ileum with normal-like mucosa, and it was not necessarily associated with ileal ulcers.	2
PURPOSE: To report spectral domain optical coherence tomography (OCT) and angiographic findings in exudative retinal detachment complicating central serous chorioretinopathy.	2
We describe a case of catheter-associated aortoiliac thrombosis in a newborn who was successfully treated by urokinase infusion.	2
Rupture of the plantar fascia in athletes engaged in sports that require running and jumping has been reported.	2
The treatment of choice is liposomal amphotericin B, which failed in our patient.	2
A 22-year-old man with a synovial cell sarcoma attained an excellent response to therapy with adriamycin (NSC-123127) and dimethyltriazeno imidazole carboxamide (NSC-45388).	2
Desipramine and testicular swelling in two patients.	2
The etiology of Transient Global Amnesia (TGA) is not yet clear.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Topical INF alpha 2-beta is a valid choice for the treatment of CIN in patients for whom surgery is not possible.	2
Within 24 h after the first injection to her left arm, the patient developed pruritus and erythematous papules at the injection site and painful papules on her hands.	2
Patients were scored using the dyskinesia scale and started treatment with 400 mg amantadine (po) for 4 days within the first postoperative week with no effect on dyskinesia score or its phenomenology.	2
In a fifth case a 14-year-old boy developed papilloedema after taking a short course of tetracycline for bronchitis.	2
High plasma levels of N-desmethyl-clobazam (N-CLB), the major metabolite of CLB were detected.	2
The recognition of the characteristic features of the syndrome is vital since early aggressive therapy is indicated.	2
Early diagnosis and medical treatment alone can result in resolution of corneal infiltrates due to acanthamoebae.	2
Clofazimine, previously used in the treatment of leprosy, is now used for treatment of Mycobacterium avium complex infection in patients with acquired immune deficiency syndrome, dermatologic disorders, and graft-versus-host disease.	2
Eleven of those patients also experienced clinically compromising anemia, transfusion with packed red blood cells, renal insufficiency, dialysis, or death.	2
Cognitive and speech functions were specifically tested during the evaluation.	2
This case illustrates a successful treatment of BO with selective tumor necrosis factor-alpha blockade.	2
This regimen was well tolerated, although both children were critically ill.	2
The clinical presentation and course was consistent with acute tubulointerstitial nephritis due to these agents.	2
The pigment may be a drug metabolite-protein complex chelated with calcium, or an insoluble minocycline-melanin complex.	2
In such patients the drug is withdrawn and replaced by another medication.	2
However, raising the dose increases the likelihood of side effects and may significantly compromise patient compliance.	2
The patient was treated with corticosteroid therapy and surgical resection of the jejunal tumor.	2
90% of the gadolinium was removed from the circulation in 2 days with a regimen of 10-15 exchanges per day of PD.	2
Prompt resolution of her jaundice followed the initiation of methionine therapy.	2
Addition of over-the-counter medications, herbal products, vitamins, or dietary changes was denied.	2
A case report.	2
The mechanism of this effect is not entirely clear, but 5-azacytidine produces hypomethylation of the gamma gene at certain sites, and gene expression and DNA hypomethylation are related phenomena in many other systems.	2
After falling and scraping his left elbow, bacitracin ointment was applied to the wound.	2
The left C4 pedicle screw was proven to breach the transverse foramen.	2
On CT, they were manifested as a peritoneal mass or thickening with variable shapes, including oval, round, bizarre, linear and even a molded shape due to where they were lodged, such as the pelvis and paracolic gutter.	2
6-Thioguanine (6-TG) is a thiopurine analogue that is closely related to 6-mercaptopurine (6-MP) and azathioprine (AZA).	2
Ovadendron sulphureo-ochraceum endophthalmitis after cataract surgery.	2
We report 3 cases of ureteral obstruction following aortoiliac prosthetic graft surgery owing to secondary retroperitoneal fibrosis around anteriorly positioned ureters.	2
Four cats had a history of difficulty in regulating the diabetic state.	2
He underwent uneventful cataract extraction surgery and intraocular lens implantation of the right eye.	2
Despite intensive supportive measures and specific therapeutic attempts, all three patients eventually died of septic shock.	2
He was successfully treated with trimethoprime-sulfamethoxazole (TMP-SMX) and meropenem without craniotomy or repeat aspirations.	2
Stevens-Johnson syndrome (SJS) is a mucocutaneous disease that can be lethal.	2
Clinical manifestations including vomiting, diarrhoea and dyspnoea were identical in both cases.	2
The authors report a case of acute renal failure caused by fungal bezoar in the renal pelvis.	2
The literature describing occurrence of DSP on immunosuppression is reviewed and possible pathogenetic mechanisms are discussed.	2
Iatrogenic ergotism is the primary source of ergot intoxication.	2
No connection could be demonstrated between the eruption and other drugs or chemicals.	2
This error occurred early in the institution's experience with concentrated topical epinephrine.	2
The number of prior transfusions, the hepatic iron content and the serum ferritin levels appear to be useful in predicting which patients will respond to iron chelation therapy, especially if there is little bone marrow erythropoietic activity.	2
The range of previously administered total CBDCA was 2582-9589 mg, and the CBDCA area under the concentration curve of the first treatment exhibited appropriate intensity (mean, 1.92 +/- 0.10; range, 1.76-2.10) in all patients.	2
Adequate arterial PO2 could only be achieved with the use of positive endexpiratory pressure (PEEP).	2
Then, she told, the slight pain and the reddened area which developed around the injection site disappeared completely and he turned back to his daily activities.	2
Infliximab therapy in pediatric Crohn's pouchitis.	2
A 42-year old woman with neck pain was prescribed 15 g of 'maqianzi' to be taken in two doses at 7 hours apart, although the recommended dose was 0.3-0.6 g.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Laser in situ keratomileusis can be complicated by Acanthamoeba infection.	2
There are reports of accelerated SSc syndromes associated in particular with breast cancer.	2
This proved to be extensive forearm deep venous thrombosis.	2
We believe this represents the most delayed reported thrombosis post-sirolimus-eluting stent implantation, which might not have been preventable using even the latest FDA recommendations.	2
In one case the growth rate and cortisol response returned to normal 9 months after the fluticasone dose was reduced to 500 micrograms/day.	2
Combination disease modifying antirheumatic drug therapy was common, with 82/171 (48.0%) taking methotrexate (MTX), 15/171 (8.8%) hydroxy-chloroquine, 11/171 (6.4%) sulfasalazine, and 8/171 (4.7%) anti-tumor necrosis factor therapy.	2
Different reasons for the RPE atrophy such as collateral damage of the choriocapillaris with a subsequent secondary RPE atrophy, a direct photochemical effect due to the early localization of the photosensitizer in the RPE, or a depigmentation or photobleaching of the RPE, which led to a window defect in the fluorescein angiogram without loss of the major functional properties of the RPE, are possible mechanisms involved in the development of the documented lesion.	2
In addition, patients with blebitis should be observed closely to identify extension into the vitreous cavity so that intravitreous antibiotics can be administered in a timely fashion.	2
MK-0457, a novel kinase inhibitor, is active in patients with chronic myeloid leukemia or acute lymphocytic leukemia with the T315I BCR-ABL mutation.	2
A report is presented of a patient who developed multiple abscesses of the pancreas due to Candida albicans following an Endoscopic retrograde chole-pancreatography (ERCP) for acute pancreatitis.	2
The patient, with a history of cardiovascular disease and glaucoma, was admitted to the hospital because of complaints of shortness of breath, orthopnea, and reduced exercise tolerance.	2
Immunosuppression related to HIV infection, immunosuppressive treatment, organ transplantation, and neoplastic diseases increases the risk for Leishmania-infected people to develop visceral illness.	2
A 46-year-old woman was brought to the Emergency Department after being found confused and nonverbal while wandering in a field.	2
After an initial excellent response, each patient relapsed and developed a severe chronic depression that was refractory to other treatments.	2
The present patient was diagnosed with congenitally corrected transposition of the great arteries (cc-TGA) and underwent systemic atrioventricular valve replacement for severe insufficiency at 23 years of age.	2
Although leukemia after liver transplantation is generally thought of as a rare complication, increases in survival rate following liver transplantation is likely to lead to more such cases, and documentation of these cases is therefore of importance.	2
The nocturia was defined as having more than two episodes of urination during sleep per night on average.	2
PURPOSE: To report the clinical course, management, and outcome of infectious interface keratitis caused by mycobacterium species after laser in situ keratomileusis (LASIK).	2
Reflex epilepsy is the commonest form of epilepsy in which seizures are provoked by specific external stimulus.	2
Bilateral acute angle-closure glaucoma after bronchodilator therapy.	2
This reaction is most commonly explained as an adverse effect of numerous medications, such as dopamine receptor blocking agents or neuroleptic medications and traditional antipsychotic or antiemetic drugs, such as prochlorperazine or metoclopramide.	2
Hydrocortisone prophylaxis and verapamil therapy were the primary therapies used in patient 1 (the only survivor).	2
The cyst can rupture and with the pre-existing steroid induced immune-suppression, the calf abscess will be hard to control.	2
This resulted in a comatose state with depression of some brainstem reflexes.	2
We report a case of CMV ventriculoencephalitis after unrelated double cord blood SCT with an alemtuzumab-containing preparative regimen for Philadelphia-positive acute lymphoblastic leukemia.	2
FINDINGS: Histological examination of two cases revealed meningothelial meningioma.	2
Five other patients with previous sensitivity to methotrexate, forcing cessation of therapy, were given weekly oral methotrexate and folinic acid every day except the day of methotrexate.	2
Parathyroid hormone and calcitonin levels were measured along with phosphate clearance and the tubular reabsorption of phosphate.	2
Myalgias were self-limited and lasted 4-10 days.	2
Serum antinuclear antibodies were present in high titer, and hypocomplementemia developed.	2
A new sodium homoeostasis was established with a higher dose of DDAVP.	2
Tricuspid valve infectious endocarditis associated with dental treatment.	2
High doses of atropine (up to 50 mg per 24 hours), adrenaline and dopamine were necessary.	2
Broad-spectrum antibiotic therapy and percutaneous abscess drainage under the guidance of computed tomography resulted in a satisfactory resolution of the abscess.	2
Approximately 75%-85% of patients with bladder cancer present with disease confined to the mucosa (stage Ta-CIS) or submucosa (stage T1).	2
Palmar-plantar erythrodysaesthesia (PPE) is an uncommon cutaneous complication of cytotoxic chemotherapy which generally presents as a painful erythema involving the palms and soles.	2
A patient with torsade de pointes risk factors (female sex, advanced age, extreme bradycardia and renal failure) who developed the condition on the fourth day of 400 mg/day of oral moxifloxacin treatment is presented.	2
Whether the drug is unmasking latent autoimmune hepatitis is unclear.	2
The two patients were successfully treated with pharmacological thrombolysis with no recurrence.	2
Tooth brushing-induced seizures: a case report.	2
In 25 patients in whom ectopy persisted despite drug therapy, there were 17 sudden deaths.	2
Reexposure to the drug was reported in three patients but was uncomplicated in only one.	2
Two of them could not be considered primary: in one the pain was related to an underlying, pointed and benign lesion disclosed only by magnetic resonance imaging (case 1); the second one had persistent NH days after trans-sphenoidal surgery for a pituitary adenoma, similar to a postcraniotomy headache (case 2).	2
Cholesterol-lowering agents have been demonstrated to decrease hepatic lipids in Niemann-Pick type C patients.	2
The recent cloning of the FMF gene on the short arm of chromosome 16p, and the subsequent finding that its tissue expression is limited to granulocytes, has helped to explain the dramatic accumulation of neutrophils at the symptomatic serosal sites; the wild-type gene likely acts as an upregulator of an anti-inflammatory molecule or as a downregulator of a pro-inflammatory molecule.	2
Hairy cell leukemia, a low-grade B-cell lymphoproliferation, has not been recognized as part of the PTLD spectrum.	2
Scant data are available regarding the effect of hemodialysis on the elimination of argatroban.	2
The infection did not recur.	2
Unrecognized pre-existing renal insufficiency (CKD Stage 2 - 3) and the continuation of spironolactone were identified as predisposing risk factors.	2
DISCUSSION: Because of the close time relationship between drug administration and the development of symptoms and signs, as well as between drug withdrawal and changes in WBC count and ANC, the episodes of neutropenia were suspected to be drug related.	2
She was admitted to the hospital for persistent vomiting.	2
Two anaphylactic deaths after chemonucleolysis.	2
We also discuss the possible role of protein S deficiency as a contributing factor.	2
We conclude that cephalosporins of the first generation or ciprofloxacin may be good alternatives to penicillin G in the treatment of C. hominis infection in patients known to be hypersensitive to penicillin.	2
The patient presented unfavorable evolution with progressive worsening of respiratory function, hypotension, and renal failure.	2
Candida chorioamnionitis after serial therapeutic amniocenteses: a possible association.	2
The serum levels of calcium hopantenate were high in coma, and that of pantothenic acid examined in one patient was lowered.	2
These re-calculations revealed unexpectedly high doses in the range 79 to 82 Gy (cumulative external and brachytherapy dose) at the level of the optic nerves, which explained the observed radiation injury.	2
Physicians should be careful not to rule out the diagnosis in patients of high-risk ethnic backgrounds just because of atypical clinical features, as our data indicate that MEFV mutations are sometimes demonstrable in such patients.	2
Approximately 5-6% of intravaginal clindamycin is absorbed in the bloodstream, making systemic effects possible.	2
In early endophthalmitis, Staphylococcus epidermidis was isolated on vitreous culture in 4 (67%) of 6 cases, whereas in late endophthalmitis, this organism was isolated in only 1 (4%) of 27 cases.	2
The catheter was removed and the abscess was drained.	2
Two patients with severe dialysis osteomalacia, whose fractures and deformities had become progressively worse over 3 years, were treated with desferrioxamine (DFO).	2
The present report describes giant atrial thrombi that were treated with thrombolysis in a community hospital.	2
PURPOSE: Posterior hyaloid adherences play a role in the pathogenesis of diabetic macular edema (DME).	2
The use of bivalirudin alone is as effective and has been associated with less bleeding than the use of UFH or enoxaparin plus a glycoprotein (GP) IIb/ IIIa inhibitor in patients with NSTE ACS who undergo PCI.	2
Setting.	2
Carotid artery dissection in ergotamine abuse.	2
A combination of these two approaches may provide the best chance of improving outcome in severe acute ischemic stroke.	2
The infection ultimately cleared in all eyes with topical therapy using chlorhexidine, propamidine, and antibiotic ointment with neomycin.	2
The assay had a limit of detection of 0.05 mg/L and an upper limit of linearity of 2 mg/L.	2
A case of actinic prurigo and solar urticaria.	2
These patients may develop systemic sepsis through bacterial or fungal translocation across the intestinal wall.	2
CONCLUSION: Our case sheds new light on glucocorticoid pancreatotoxicity and confirms the role of macrolides as potential pancreatotoxic drugs.	2
Moreover, young women given vitamin A and tetracycline in combination for acne may be at special risk and should be kept under surveillance.	2
The patient was already on sodium valproate, and levetiracetam was given as add on therapy.	2
A patient presented with palmar inflammation and throbbing joint pain in his hands, as well as erythematous, pustular, and micaceous scaling skin on his right foot, legs, elbows and hands.	2
Histology of a cutaneous lesion showed spongiosis and infiltration of the epidermis by atypical lymphocytes with large hyperchromatic nuclei, perivascular dermal lymphocytic infiltrate (CD3+) mixed with plasma cells and occasional large immunoblasts (CD20+).	2
The case is presented of a 39-year-old Type 1 diabetic patient of 22 years duration with recurrent hypoglycaemic comas.	2
He was administered insulin immediately, however, his fasting plasma glucose level remained unstable despite the insulin treatment.	2
We report here the first case using posaconazole for treatment of trichosporonosis in a liver transplant recipient caused by T. mucoides.	2
The objective of this paper is to report 5 cases of rhabdomyolysis (RML) in patients with acute leukemia (AL).	2
A suspected second episode occurred after subsequent chemotherapy and sargramostim treatment.	2
Early recognition of WE may be more difficult in children, because the classic triad of symptoms may not develop fully.	2
We report here the case of a patient with peritoneal metastases of GIST involving the pelvis treated by imatinib.	2
There were a small number of damaged follicles infiltrated by macrophages, which were immunopositive for HAM56.	2
For treatment of a posttraumatic intramural jejunal haematoma with extension into the mesenterium the patient received continuous infusion (CI) of a high purity F VIII concentrate, starting with an initial bolus injection of 100 IU F VIII/kg bw and followed by 4-5 IU F VIII/kg bw/h i.v.	2
In situ hybridization identified Epstein-Barr virus latency-associated RNA expression in these cells.	2
Over a period of 3 weeks, the patient became progressively confused and ataxic.	2
Fibrinous anterior uveitis following laser in situ keratomileusis.	2
The clinical symptoms were associated with pronounced (CD4) lymphopenia and a marked increase in serum immunoglobulin A levels.	2
Reduction in the number of cataplectic episodes per week after 20 weeks of treatment constituted the basis for efficacy determination.	2
CONCLUSIONS: ECT was an effective local treatment in the majority of nodules treated.	2
ILP is an effective treatment in recurrence situations or where resection threatens loss of function; it, however, requires administration in specialized centers, progress in standardization and close monitoring to avoid locoregional toxicity, the mechanisms of which merit further investigation.	2
The median serum lead was 2.5 micro mol/L (range 1.38-4.83).	2
Acute lymphoblastic leukemia in a patient with chronic cyanoacrylate exposure.	2
Capecitabine (CAP) is a pro-drug of 5-FU and peripheral neuropathy associated with CAP has not been reported.	2
The patient is alive and free of disease 4 years after the treatment of this second malignant neoplasm (SMN).	2
Therefore, calcium-channel blockers should be used carefully in peculiar cases of HOCM.	2
In Case 2, a combined regimen of oral antidiabetics and neuroleptica was later resumed.	2
We report a case of peritonitis in a patient on continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis caused by Listeria monocytogenes.	2
This is the 1st case documenting intrathecal IgG synthesis and immune complex formation in this disorder.	2
The rebound phenomenon in which HBV proliferates abruptly has not been experienced after withdrawal of lamivudine.	2
Accidental intrathecal injection of the wrong drug was suspected and a used ampule of tranexamic acid discovered in the trash can.	2
One patient has a resistance-related mutation (M460I); the major risk factor for emergence of resistance in this patient was the presence of early and persistent antigenaemia.	2
As nonallergic increases in tryptase have been observed, e.g. during angio-oedema from angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors, and bradykinin itself can degranulate mast cells acutely, we interpret the reaction as a class effect.	2
After unsuccessful fluid resuscitation with crystalloid fluid, the patient's condition improved rapidly with human albumin boluses.	2
Pathology evaluation of a specimen revealed a high-grade osteoblastic osteosarcoma.	2
Seizures are uncommon symptoms, and are always caused by cerebrovascular events.	2
In the two new cases, the causality assessment was judged as "possible" according to the RUCAM score.	2
Pathologically only a subpopulation of malignant cells responded to the chemotherapy, demonstrating viability of the majority of the tumor, with cell death only in the subpopulation.	2
This patient was treated successfully by surgical excision of the affected segment of ileum together with intravenous ganciclovir.	2
S-1 is an oral 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) anticancer agent and has shown promising effects in the treatment of a wide range of carcinomas, including head and neck cancer.	2
Administration of a large nesiritide bolus dose in a pediatric patient: case report and review of nesiritide use in pediatrics.	2
A liver biopsy shortly after abstinence showed extensive pericellular fibrosis, but a biopsy after 6 years showed very mild fibrosis.	2
Between March and May 1996, the patient was admitted several times to a neurology clinic, where myasthenia gravis was diagnosed and treatment with pyridostigmine and cyclosporine was initiated.	2
From this study and the previously available data, we conclude that this drug is too toxic for human trials at the currently recommended doses.	2
The median age was 73 years (range 41-81).	2
Both patients underwent successful thrombolysis after super-selective angiograms.	2
No relationship between amisulpride and rhabdomyolysis was found.	2
All 8 patients survived and had their hemorrhage or coagulopathy controlled within 4 hours after transfusion of the last dose of rFVIIa.	2
When the skin lesions had improved, phlebitis was found at the injection site of the peripheral vein catheter.	2
However, 8 hrs after extubation, she gradually developed severe respiratory distress, requiring reintubation and mechanical ventilation.	2
Two courses of tinidazole (the second in combination with percutaneous aspiration of the abscess) were required to achieve cure.	2
Disease behaviour in two patients was classified as penetrating because of concomitant ischiorectal abscesses, while one patient developed a metastatic colon carcinoma.	2
Although many cases are reported to recover with colony-stimulating factors and corticosteroids, others are unresponsive or partially responsive.	2
We describe a patient with phenobarbital-induced hypersensitivity syndrome who revealed syndrome of inappropriate secretion of antidiuretic hormone (SIADH) associated with limbic encephalitis during the course of the disease.	2
No known causal factors for pancreatitis such as biliary tract stone, hypertriglyceridemia and alcohol consumption could be identified.	2
An unusual response to progestin therapy of hyperplasia.	2
CASE REPORT: A patient who underwent renal transplantation because of end-stage renal disease of unknown origin was shown to have a nocardial brain abscess while she was taking immunosuppressive drugs.	2
None reported seeing all PPP components, and four saw only the information on the pill packet.	2
Following a reduction in the doses of these drugs, the symptoms and signs related to the superior sagittal sinus thrombosis gradually subsided, and the haematological pictures remained in remission.	2
Renal function improved rapidly after withdrawal of the drug therapy.	2
Examination revealed a fully conscious patient with slight dyspnoea and mild wheezing which responded to oxygen 30% and nebulised bronchodilators.	2
Therapy was continued for 8 months or longer in 6 patients, none of whom developed life-threatening infections.	2
Her symptoms regressed after inhaler steroid treatment.	2
After the institution of the combined therapy with corticosteroid, anticoagulant, and dipyridamole, urinary protein excretion was attenuated to less than 1.0 g/day.	2
Radiographic studies demonstrated a focal, space-occupying lesion in the spinal canal at the level corresponding to the neurologic deficit, which spontaneously resolved over the next 2-3 h.	2
Human coenurosis in North America: case reports and review.	2
A case report.	2
A correlation between dose and manifestation was investigated but none was found.	2
A dose of 100 micrograms/day improved muscle tone, head control, posture, and walking distance; electromyography showed a marked decrease of dystonic muscle activity with fully preserved voluntary muscle activity, and the patient reported substantial reduction of pain.	2
All patients underwent classic therapy.	2
Superior sagittal sinus thrombosis in a patient with postdural puncture headache.	2
As of December 1998, only mild ectropion persisted.	2
This case report of fulminant ADEM treated successfully with early high-dose intravenous methylprednisolone, although uncontrolled, suggests that this agent should be studied in other cases.	2
We encountered a child who was intolerant to multiple commercially available preparations of pancreatic enzymes and, hence, desensitization was attempted, with success.	2
A 33-year-old man with advanced testicular cancer underwent high-dose chemotherapy combined with peripheral blood stem cell transplantation.	2
Diabetes associated with atypical antipsychotic treatment may be severe but reversible: case report.	2
This is particularly the case for children, who often exhibit resistance to intramuscular or rectal administration of drugs.	2
Interaction between antiepileptic and antiretroviral agents is an emergent problem caused by the increasing association of the two therapies.	2
Her urine output improved gradually and the serum creatinine normalized one month after the initial episode.	2
However, 50 days after the second UCBT, the patient presented with high fever and developed pneumonia despite antibiotic and antifungal treatments.	2
When rechallenged with the same drug 6 months later, he developed hypothyroidism.	2
Heavy proteinuria then developed and the drug was stopped.	2
STUDY DESIGN: Case report and clinical discussion.	2
He was taken to surgery 8 days after cefazolin was discontinued and received perioperative prophylaxis with cefoxitin (total dose 3 g).	2
We report a case of a woman with ectopic pregnancy with fetal cardiac activity after ovulation induction and transvaginal intratubal insemination by tactile sensation.	2
These 4 patients tolerated the drug well.	2
Autopsy revealed no pathologic findings in the heart or in the extra- or intracranial arteries.	2
The intraocular pressure normalized several months following discontinuation of treatment.	2
OBJECTIVE: Traditional monoamine oxidase inhibitors (MAOIs) continue to play an important role in the management of a wide variety of clinical conditions.	2
This report demonstrates the increased risk of complicated varicella associated with the use of corticosteroids, even for a short period of time.	2
The ECG monitoring revealed sinus pause with markedly prolonged PQ interval and QRS width.	2
Significant systemic manifestations are rare.	2
METHODS: Two case reports.	2
However, increasing the indometacin dose to 4 mg/kg/day improved their growth significantly, without changing their symptoms or biochemistry.	2
M. marinum was cultured from the lesions and also identified by PCR on formalin-fixed tissue.	2
Upon presenting to the primary care service a year and a half later, the patient was taking 40 mg per day of olanzapine and had gained 62 pounds, a 30% increase in body weight; glycosylated hemoglobin (A1c) was 11.1%.	2
New serologic tests show promise.	2
We suggest that this form of treatment is of value for cholangiocarcinoma.	2
After five months of initiation of treatment, while receiving RHE, he developed painful bilateral gynaecomastia.	2
This is the third patient with severe FUra toxicity secondary to an alteration in pyrimidine catabolism and the second from our clinic population suggesting that the frequency of this genetic defect may be greater than previously thought.	2
Four dogs developed cutaneous lesions following the administration of various antibiotics.	2
Patients were treated with CPA at the doses of 200-300 mg/d for malignant prostate disease for 3-12 mo prior to the acute manifestation of the hepatic disease.	2
This case raises concern about the possible adverse consequences of hormonal manipulation in treating infertility.	2
Pyogenic portal vein thrombosis as a reservoir of persistent septicemia after cyanoacrylate injection for bleeding gastric varices.	2
Her history was remarkable for duodenal ulcer and long-term treatment with a magnesium-aluminum hydroxide antacid (Maalox) and sucralfate.	2
The crucial factors contributing to the deterioration of both patients in the two cases presented were the concentration of phenytoin manually infused and the possibility that their high-risk status made them poor candidates for manual intravenous phenytoin.	2
Toxicological analysis of the blood revealed GHB 165.6 mg/L, and 90.7 mg/L in the urine.	2
Iatrogenic vasculitis should be suspected when a patient with idiopathic vasculitis with one type of ANCA develops the other type of ANCA.	2
The MRI showed marked vascularity and neovascularity of the tumor.	2
Phenothiazine treatment and respiratory distress syndrome in a child.	2
A pure osteogenic sarcoma of endometrial stromal origin developed in a 28-year-old woman with gonadal dysgenesis (Turner's syndrome) who had received estrogens for 18 years.	2
There are, however, obligations on the dentist to ensure the accuracy of information the patient gives and to ensure that patients whom they believe are at risk follow their advice.	2
SETTING: Private retina practice.	2
We address the clinical problems and possible detrimental effects of CSFE in the setting of shunt infection.	2
Both renal allografts had to be removed because of renal artery rupture secondary to Candida albicans infection.	2
Reactivated herpetic keratitis following laser in situ keratomileusis.	2
He was self-medicating with this to relieve muscular cramps.	2
The child was treated with resin hemoperfusion (XAD-4) to reduce her serum chloramphenicol concentration.	2
There are several side effects that it is commonly associated with; however, it has only rarely been reported to cause lung injury.	2
Solid organ transplant recipients can experience serious disease and death from infection due to the parasitic roundworm Strongyloides stercoralis.	2
The patient recovered clinically and, in less than 4 weeks, her serum bilirubin and aminotransferases returned to normal levels.	2
Local anesthetic switching for intrathecal tachyphylaxis in cancer patients with pain.	2
Treatment of silastic catheter-induced central vein septic thrombophlebitis.	2
We describe the clinical course, renal function, serial renal histology and urine and blood viral load measurements in two consecutive patients with refractory BKVN who were treated with low-dose cidofovir (0.25 mg/kg IV).	2
The disorders were characterized by hyperandrogenism and polycystic ovaries in all cases, and were associated with weight gain and menstrual disorders in 2 of the 3 women.	2
METHODS: A total of 176 burnt eyes of 98 patients suffering from severe eye burns were retrospectively reviewed.	2
As the disfiguring lesions had a marked adverse effect on her quality of life, a trial of IV Cidofovir was instituted.	2
The intralesional injection of corticosteroids has been employed successfully in treatment of adnexal neonatal hemangiomas since 1979.	2
This rash rapidly progressed to painful hardening of the area.	2
At that time, MMI was discontinued and the patient was started on broad-spectrum antibiotics, dexamethasone, and G-CSF.	2
Treatment included isoprenaline for 28 hours.	2
An infant presented 10 days after removal of a high umbilical arterial catheter with total occlusion of the distal abdominal aorta.	2
The final visual acuity was no light perception in the left eye and 3/6 in the right eye.	2
Corneal scrapings were taken for microscopic examination and culture.	2
Diffuse cutaneous candidiasis in a dog.	2
An increase in exercise capacity was reported by 78% of patients; objective measurements showed that the mean value of VO2max in a subgroup of 11 patients increased by 50% after treatment.	2
Optometrists should be familiar with this condition, its signs, symptoms and correct treatment protocol.	2
Benzoyl peroxide (BP) is commonly used for topical acne treatment and has long been known to be a weak allergen and a strong irritant.	2
Leuconostoc sp. are gram-positive bacteria intrinsically resistant to vancomycin, which can be confused with streptococci based on routine microbiological-characteristics.	2
Investigations showed peripheral blood eosinophilia with thoracocentesis revealing eosinophilic exudative pleural effusion.	2
She was subsequently admitted to hospital and was diagnosed as having nephrotic syndrome.	2
The risk of developing BMTN may be greater with the use of more intensive chemotherapy and higher total body and tumor bed irradiation.	2
Prolonged use of large intravenous steroid pulses in the rheumatic diseases of children.	2
He later recovered normal visual acuity.	2
The initial manifestations of the disease on admission included cough, dyspnea, hemoptysis, pulmonary infiltrate, and renal failure.	2
METHODS: We report the clinical outcome of a case of TiACG that was associated with an extreme intraocular pressure elevation of >60 mm Hg that was treated with the combination of systemic mannitol and methylprednisolone.	2
With the increasing use of tacrolimus in steroid-resistant nephrotic syndrome, the treating physicians need to be aware of this rare, but potentially life-threatening side effect.	2
However, double-blind, placebo-controlled studies are necessary to confirm these preliminary results.	2
Elevated muscle enzymes and findings on electromyography were consistent with myopathy.	2
He was treated with broad spectrum antibiotics, red cell and single donor platelet transfusions and strict parenteral nutrition.	2
INTRODUCTION: Visual loss is a rare complication of tuberculosis; it can be related to anti-tuberculous drugs or to the infection itself.	2
We reported a demonstration case of a 47 year-old female patient with hypersensitivity to anti tuberculosis drugs (isoniazid, rifampicin, pyrazinamid and ethambutol).	2
The regimen was based on conditioning experiments with animals who had lupuslike autoimmune disease.	2
To our knowledge, this is the first report of t-MDS associated with ATL.	2
The period of recovery was consistent with an acute but brief compressive injury and inconsistent with an anesthetic effect.	2
Four patients with severe lactic acidosis associated with septic shock were treated with sodium dichloroacetate (DCA) (50 mg/kg body wt), an activator of pyruvate dehydrogenase.	2
This case illustrates the broad clinical spectrum of angioimmunoblastic lymphadenopathy with dysproteinemia and suggests that aggressive treatment is necessary in selected patients.	2
Adverse effects of propafenone after long-term therapy with the addition of citalopram.	2
Multiple retinal infiltrates, placoid subretinal lesions, and ground-glass opacity of the retina with hyperemic optic discs were observed in both patients.	2
Chronic hiccups is a rare occurrence but can be debilitating for the patient.	2
5-Fluorouracil (5-FU) is an analogue of pyrimidine nucleosides that is widely used in the treatment of head and neck, breast, ovarian, and colon cancer.	2
The association of systemic inflammatory disorders with osteonecrosis and the possible association with vascular thrombosis are discussed.	2
CONCLUSION: the allergological studies confirmed sensitisation to captopril and tolerance to lisinopril, and enalapril.	2
Our case illustrates the importance of continuing adequate opiate therapy perioperatively in the increasing number of opioid-dependent patients to prevent potentially life-threatening complications such as broken heart syndrome.	2
After 2 weeks, the thrombus had disappeared.	2
Prolonged perioperative antibiotic prophylaxis is mandatory.	2
Recovery occurred within 2 months with supportive treatment.	2
Four years later, the patient is alive and well with an ejection fraction of 53%.	2
Routine serum chemistry and full blood cell count (apart from neutrophil count) were normal.	2
Adverse reactions, however, are relatively common as well.	2
Upon discharge from ICU all laboratory tests were normal and blood lead level was reduced, but he was quadriplegic.	2
Only minor endocrine-metabolic changes were seen in this patient.	2
Typhlitis during second-line chemotherapy with pemetrexed in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC): A case report.	2
As the treatment of calciphylaxis is mainly empirical and controversial, we decided to administer cinacalcet with paricalcitol for the control of hyperparathyroidism and sodium thiosulfate to improve the calcification of the arterioles.	2
Histological examination of the liver revealed inflammatory reactions, cholestasis, occasional steatosis, and necrosis.	2
At this psychiatrist visit, sertraline 50 mg/day was added for her depression, and was continued after a geriatrician visit in October.	2
OBJECTIVES: The improvement of pre-existing inflammatory bowel disease after orthotopic liver transplant might be anticipated.	2
However, the chlorpromazine equivalent dose of antipsychotics and the number of total psychotropics were significantly reduced from 957 to 722 mg/day (p<0.0001) and from 4.0 to 3.2 (p<0.0001), respectively.	2
We suggest that intraocular lens manufacturers refrain from providing such identification on their products.	2
Drug-induced thrombocytopenia was also considered, and he was told to stop all of his medicines.	2
One of the three patients underwent aortic valve replacement three times and progression of the prosthesis dehiscence was arrested with the use of corticosteroids.	2
A patient with nephrotic syndrome developed pseudotumor cerebri following glucocorticoid therapy.	2
The clinical, radiological and EEG findings during and post event are presented and are in keeping with a diagnosis of RPLES.	2
A case report and review of the literature.	2
Dopamine dysregulation syndrome in Parkinson's disease: case report.	2
We document the rare occurrence of primary biliary cirrhosis (PBC) and polymyositis in a 68-year-old woman.	2
Tetracycline and benign intracranial hypertension: report of five cases.	2
The biopsy showed inflammation only, and other microbiological workup was negative.	2
In these patients, the left atrial overload seemed to be severe.	2
Four of the 14 women did not have pregnancy tests before starting Accutane.	2
Because there is no shortage of intravenous thiamine, it should be administered with TPN even if MVI is not available.	2
This study reports Mycobacterium bovis (BCG strain) dissemination in four primary immunodeficient (PID) patients.	2
The anemia continued because of bloody stool caused by Crohn's disease.	2
The mechanisms producing ischaemia following intra-arterial injection of drugs of abuse and possible treatment are discussed.	2
Thromboembolic phenomenon is rare but serious consequence of ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome (OHSS) and in vitro fertilization (IVF) treatment.	2
We report a case of bacterial keratitis that occurred after laser-assisted subepithelial keratectomy.	2
BACKGROUND: Agenesis of the inferior vena cava (IVC) is an uncommon congenital vascular malformation.	2
There are several known or suspected predisposing factors.	2
An uncommon cause of gastro-duodenal ulceration.	2
A 10-year-old girl who presented to our hospital was diagnosed as having B-precursor cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia.	2
Our case is compared with other cases previously reported.	2
All patients had temporary relief of signs or symptoms of inflammation.	2
The patients who developed neurotoxicity had markedly higher global ratings of psychotic symptomatology and anxiety in the pretoxic period than did patients who never deveoped neurotoxicity.	2
Oral corticotherapy combined with low-dose interferon-alpha2a halted disease progression.	2
DISCUSSION: Two patients with hypothyroidism had remained euthyroid and stable while receiving 1 levothyroxine product, but became symptomatic with dramatically increased serum TSH concentrations while receiving what were thought to be comparable dosages of another levothyroxine product.	2
Total ischemic time was 3 h 34 min and 3 h 35 min, respectively.	2
Glaucoma from topical corticosteroids to the eyelids.	2
We therefore strongly argue in favor of extended screening recommendations for infectious diseases including viral infections before considering a therapy with infliximab.	2
The dosage of prednisolone was tapered, without a relapse, and then the corticosteroid therapy was stopped.	2
Moreover, she had changed her antiperspirant 1 week before the onset of the lesions.	2
If it is used for diagnostic purposes, resuscitative equipment should be readily available.	2
Is akathisia a forerunner of tardive dyskinesia? A clinical report with brief review of literature.	2
The patient was discharged from hospital after 120 days with normal liver function and recovered bone marrow.	2
Although the source and timing of HBV exposure remain unclear, the potential for severe hepatitis B infection following bone marrow transplant warrants caution.	2
Drug interactions between Ritonavir and Tacrolimus should be anticipated.	2
We present a case report where switching from clozapine to quetiapine maintained the improvement in clinical status, after remittance of eosinophilia.	2
RESULTS: A 50-year-old woman with diabetes and obesity who underwent vertical banded gastroplasty had postoperative complications, including refractory gastrostomy leakage, peritoneal and abdominal wall infections, and multiorganism sepsis despite intensive antibiotic therapy and surgical drainage procedures.	2
Their hair grew back after 2-3 months steroid therapy.	2
Rofecoxib and inflammatory bowel disease: clinical and pathologic observations.	2
Psoriasis, razoxane and a cutaneous B-cell lymphoma.	2
Anticoagulant therapy was initiated with subcutaneous enoxaparin and oral warfarin.	2
Antifungal therapy was given but her condition deteriorated and she died.	2
The tolerance of sunitinib in the setting of dialysis can be challenging as these interventions can have synergistic side effects.	2
We report successful treatment of a cryptococcal ventriculoatrial shunt infection with antifungal therapy without shunt removal.	2
We have found no reports describing a technique for making custom hand-made articulating spacers.	2
Our data support the continued use of liver biopsies in the surveillance of MTX-treated psoriatics.	2
Acanthamoeba keratitis associated with contact lenses: six consecutive cases of successful management.	2
Possible mechanisms for this observation and clinical guidelines to identify patients at risk are suggested.	2
A patient with angioimmunoblastic lymphadenopathy with dysproteinemia was followed over a three year period from diagnosis to death.	2
Due to its low volume of distribution (0.6 L/kg), low protein binding (about 15%) and water solubility, acyclovir is an example of the ideal drug that can be removed by hemodialysis.	2
However, the possibility of cancer-associated MAHA could not be excluded.	2
The first therapeutic schedule included rifampicin, isoniazid and ethambutol; no uniform treatment could be used for these patients.	2
PURPOSE: To report the safety and efficacy of intravitreal triamcinolone in the treatment of inflammatory cystoid macular oedema (CMO) in six patients who were resistant to other forms of therapy.	2
A presumptive diagnosis of severe bronchospasm was made, and aggressive bronchodilator therapy was instituted.	2
METHODS: An open-label unmasked prospective nonrandomized pilot study of six patients with idiopathic uveitis and visually significant macular oedema, resistant to periocular and/or systemic corticosteroid treatment, was carried out.	2
Uncertainty in medical decision making techniques occurs in the specification of both decision tree probabilities and utilities.	2
The mechanisms of methotrexate toxicity remain unclear, and no effective treatment exists to prevent its occurrence.	2
She has persistent proteinuria and is currently undergoing a trial of high-dose steroid therapy.	2
Weight loss during therapy with olanzapine orally disintegrating tablets: two case reports.	2
Instead of diverse antiretroviral therapies, the viral load was increased.	2
Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) showed superior sagittal sinus (SSS) thrombosis and meningeal enhancement.	2
Other corticosteroids of group A, B, C and D were completely negative.	2
Pyogenic liver abscess in Taiwan is most commonly due to Klebsiella pneumoniae infection in diabetic patients, and less frequently due to biliary tract infections.	2
Definitive therapy by subtotal thyroidectomy was subsequently performed and yielded good results.	2
This patient may have been at increased risk for this interaction secondary to his age and history of alcohol abuse.	2
Although PWO is often easily managed with small doses of thrombolytic therapy (e.g., urokinase), it could result in a more serious complication, such as chemotherapy extravasation.	2
First, he received salazosulphapyridine (SASP) as treatment for the UC.	2
On further questioning, the patient admitted to the daily use of mineral oil for constipation.	2
Diagnosis of TTS is one of exclusion as it can mimic many other conditions, and should be considered in patients with unilateral painless ulcerations with a history of trigeminal nerve damage.	2
Outcomes are compared on the basis of remission, survival time, and treatment-related toxicity.	2
The advantages and disadvantages of uncontrolled case reports are reviewed using two cases of false-positive reactions to drugs as illustrative examples.	2
It draws the clinician's attention to unusual susceptibility to extrapyramidal side effects and suggests that if a child shows this type of susceptibility to one neuroleptic, he/she may react similarly to other neuroleptics as well.	2
Six weeks later a more severe syndrome of dysarthria and ataxia developed during a second cycle of treatment.	2
Cyproterone acetate (CPA) is a steroidal synthetic progestagen and anti-androgenic compound widely administered in prostate cancer which has been evidentially correlated with a severe hepatotoxic potency.	2
This theory was supported by disturbances in serine and glycine excretion found in all patients during psychotic episodes.	2
We reported a child with refractory partial seizures successfully managed by clinical desensitization to phenytoin.	2
In reviewing the literature, the authors discuss the currently available therapies for such infections of the spine, and highlight the growing incidence these and other formerly rare infections.	2
One patient required urgent liver transplantation for fulminant hepatic failure after the brief use of black cohosh.	2
Patients with severe disease and taking combination MTX and corticosteroids are at greatest risk.	2
Tumour necrosis factor-alpha inhibitors including infliximab are often used to treat a number of recalcitrant medical conditions.	2
BACKGROUND: Intracranial malignancies (primary and metastatic) are often complicated by seizure activity.	2
At 10.5 years rhGH therapy was started and height gain of 26 cm was observed after 2.7 years of treatment.	2
The effect of SERMs on the endometrium.	2
METHODS AND RESULTS: patch testing was performed with captopril, other ACE (enalapril, lisinopril ramipril), and European standard series.	2
She rapidly developed profound CNS depression with stupor, hypothermia, hypoventilation and bradycardia.	2
Here, we report on six cases of NE in patients with acute leukemias.	2
Other related symptoms presented by our patient were mood fluctuation and increased writing activity suggestive of punding.	2
CONCLUSION: In our patient, substantially increased glucocorticoid levels were associated with severe insulin resistance, retarded wound healing, and persistent infections.	2
Despite premedication with diphenhydramine and dexamethasone, she experienced generalized pruritus and urticaria, as well as headache and chest pain/tightness, after her next infusion.	2
In three other patients, adenosine was associated with prolonged bradyasystole and hypotension.	2
Diagnosis was based on a history of repeated exposure to sulfonamides, skin biopsy findingd, and clinical recovery on cessation of sulfonamide therapy.	2
The other patient had locally advanced anal carcinoma and received concurrent 5-fluorouracil, mitomycin, and radiation therapy.	2
Electrocardiogram (ECG) on arrival and at 3 hours showed no acute changes; cardiac enzymes revealed minimal MB elevation.	2
The syndrome may be difficult to detect because it can mimic several other entities.	2
Thirty days after the 2nd booster dose, several pruritic, polygonal, purple, papules appeared on the volar aspect of the patient's wrists.	2
Corneal scrapings were taken and the flap excised, and submitted for histopathologic examination.	2
She received induction therapy according to the AML92 protocol of the Japan Adult Leukemia Study Group (JALSG) with all-trans retinoic acid (ATRA) plus chemotherapeutic agents.	2
Complications were mild and only one child was removed from therapy because of a complication.	2
The outcome of 19 other children with severe aplastic anemia who received ATG was also summarized.	2
We describe a 28-year-old man who was brought to the emergency department with a new-onset seizure and clinical signs and symptoms consistent with advanced delirium tremens.	2
Many augmentation strategies have been tried in the past with varying levels of success or safety.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Adrenal insufficiency should be suspected in all dialysis patients presenting with fever and atypical symptoms, but only after other potential causes are eliminated; since steroid administration may normalize fever regardless of the etiology, it may mask the signs and symptoms and delay the treatment of other (if any) underlying disorder(s).	2
Nonspecific changes were observed, with probability of drug-induced injury.	2
The clinical presentation was disseminated varicella infection with multiple organ involvement.	2
Type I, blue-black pigmentation confined to sites of scarring or inflammation on the face; Type II, blue-grey circumscribed pigmentation of normal skin of the lower legs and forearms; and Type III, diffuse muddy brown pigmentation of normal skin accentuated in sun-exposed areas.	2
She suffered from epigastric discomfort.	2
Abdominal pain deteriorated early in the course of the therapy along with the enlargement of the tumors.	2
This case illustrates that serious sight-threatening complications may occur after LASEK due to abuse of topical anesthetic agents.	2
As angiotensin-converting enzyme seems to play a role in the genesis and metabolism of bronchomotor mediators, this rare form of drug-induced asthma is important for both clinicians and airways pharmacologists.	2
One patient with ineffective erythropoiesis did not have significantly increased hepatic iron stores but responded to the administration of desferrioxamine.	2
However, at the same time, multiple cutaneous violaceous papular-nodular lesions appeared on his left forearm.	2
Clearly, patience is important during hepatitis C therapy in order to avoid unnecessary examinations and to promote successful outcomes.	2
Phenytoin levels were reduced to 37% of the original values, although the drug was given intravenously.	2
We report 3 patients who developed cutaneous vasculitis which is a rare and serious side-effect during antithyroid drug therapy.	2
In addition, preprandial subcutaneous regular insulin was switched to lispro insulin.	2
After implementation of additional preventative safeguards, no further errors or complications have occurred.	2
The risk for recurrence in a subsequent pregnancy may be high and should be taken into account in the counseling of parents and in considering drug treatment.	2
Imipenem was given for 2 days, resulting in a total of 18 days of beta-lactam treatment, at which time he developed significant leukopenia (white blood cell [WBC] count 0.9 x 10(3)/microL).	2
BACKGROUND: Tamoxifen, a widely used drug in adjuvant therapy of breast carcinoma, is now being tested for its effectiveness in chemoprevention.	2
The mutations on the phenylalanine hydroxylase gene indicated that she might be responsive to tetrahydrobiopterin therapy.	2
Short cardiopulmonary resuscitation restored spontaneous circulation and the patient recovered completely.	2
Mycophenolate mofetil is a non-nephrotoxic alternative which should be considered to rescue cyclosporine-dependent, severe myasthenia gravis sufferers with renal impairment from progression to end-stage renal failure.	2
STUDY DESIGN: A case report is presented.	2
The subject developed fever and peripheral blood neutrophilia.	2
BACKGROUND: Tumor lysis syndrome (TLS) is rare in the treatment of solid tumors, but it may occur in myelolymphoproliferative diseases.	2
In addition, IVIG may effectively modulate the overreactive immune system in AHS.	2
A subsequent pathological analysis revealed a mass of hyphae with acute-angle branching, features consistent with Aspergillus, within the cavitary lesion, and she was diagnosed with pulmonary aspergillosis.	2
Discontinuation of dalteparin on day 4 led to resolution of symptoms.	2
We report the occurrence of delayed postoperative coma in five of nine consecutive children following surgery for insertion of baclofen infusion pumps.	2
A patient with low-grade patch stage MF progressively developed MF plaques restricted to his arms, and a tumour on his right thigh.	2
Treatment was continued for 6 days, during which the dosage was progressively decreased, and the mare was discharged.	2
Lactic acidosis in the setting of antiretroviral therapy for the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.	2
After delivery, she had diastolic hypertension and proteinuria and was prescribed magnesium sulphate.	2
Despite the complicated drug regimen with which the patient was treated, tobramycin was implicated by rechallenge with the drug once before its role was understood and again at an outside hospital.	2
Eyes from two individuals examined at autopsy showed significant changes.	2
At follow-up 1 week later, the patient denied any episodes of hematochezia.	2
A 47-year-old male with bipolar I disorder/hallucinations presented to the Veterans Affairs Medical Center (VAMC) with suicidal ideations.	2
We describe two such cases manifesting at different times during the course of primary hypothyroidism.	2
Early recognition and treatment of postpartum preeclampsia may decrease patient mortality and morbidity by preventing late postpartum eclampsia.	2
Just after the initiation of the partial CPB, high inspiratory airway pressure was suddenly recognized.	2
Specimens were evaluated by light and electron microscopy.	2
Detection of ganciclovir resistance after valacyclovir-prophylaxis in renal transplant recipients with active cytomegalovirus infection.	2
INTRODUCTION: Significant decreases in tumour recurrence rates of up to 50% are reported after one immediate postoperative instillation of chemotherapeutic drugs, such as epirubicin or mitomycin C.	2
CT-scan disclosed right ethmoid sinusitis that spread to the orbit after surgery.	2
Contact allergy towards this reagent and 2 of its reaction products was proven by patch tests.	2
The patient was sent to a rehabilitation hospital and had a partial recovery.	2
A 72-year-old patient was submitted to an elective laparoscopic cholecystectomy, and a tubular adenocarcinoma in the gallbladder was incidentally diagnosed.	2
A manual pumping test is commonly used to verify the patency of a ventriculoperitoneal (V-P) shunt.	2
The etiology of neurotoxicity in our two patients remains unclear; however, as CAP is rapidly metabolized to 5-FU in patients with normal liver function, it is likely that 5-FU or its active metabolites (fluoro-beta-alanine) were contributing factors.	2
The mother had used lamotrigine in increasing doses throughout pregnancy, and at the time of the apneic episodes, she used 850 mg/day.	2
The first patient, who received gemcitabine for treatment of a carcinoma of the pancreas, required hemodialysis for 6 months.	2
Stanozolol causes rapid pain relief and healing of cutaneous ulcers caused by cryofibrinogenemia.	2
A 68-year-old man suddenly developed extensive bleeding due to severe thrombocytopenia.	2
In 1991 the patient were found to be seropositive for HCV antibodies as detected by the ELISA method and confirmed by the RIBA method.	2
The main outcome measured was intraocular pressure (IOP) in mm Hg.	2
As nephrotic-range proteinuria, hypoalbuminemia, and general edema were worsening even 2 weeks after cessation of the drug, oral corticosteroid therapy (prednisolone 40 mg/day) was started.	2
DISCUSSION: AIDS and cryptococcal meningitis, both of which the patient had, can potentially cause seizures.	2
Despite the extraordinary course in this patient, complete recovery took place, confirming the benign nature of even such a prolonged episode.	2
Corneal edema resolved completely after 2 weeks, although reduced endothelial cell count and abnormal morphology persisted.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Botulinum toxin injection of the lacrimal gland is an effective palliative treatment for epiphora secondary to canalicular obstruction from docetaxel therapy.	2
Although both drugs have been reported to preserve endogenous insulin secretion and to interrupt the diabetogenic process they may be responsible for diabetes and exocrine pancreatic insufficiency in our patient.	2
It is unclear whether this case, similar to other cases of low-grade B-cell lymphoproliferations reported after transplantation, is related to immunosuppression and therefore part of the spectrum of PTLDs, or merely represents coincidental event occurring in an immunocompromised patient.	2
Successful intraoperative use of recombinant tissue plasminogen activator during liver transplantation complicated by massive intracardiac/pulmonary thrombosis.	2
Three of the seven patients were given a dosage of medication and exceeding the manufacture's recommendation.	2
Transient lymphomatoid papulosis in mycosis fungoides.	2
PATIENTS: One patient with mucositis secondary to chemotherapy.	2
Treatment with interferon-alpha (IFN-alpha), however, led to dramatic clinical, radiographic, and histologic improvement.	2
Another important concept behind some medical myths is the overreliance on case reports or authoritative text.	2
BACKGROUND: A 56-year-old man with normal cardiac function received treatment with interferon alpha-2b for malignant melanoma.	2
Other causes of the disease were ruled out.	2
The diagnosis was made on the basis of inflammatory changes in the cerebral spinal fluid and localization of the abscess by means of computer and magnetic resonance tomography.	2
METHODS: A single patient who developed uveitis while taking clomiphene citrate is described.	2
After 8 months of administration of human insulin by a jet injector, there were no more new lesions of lipoatrophy and those affected areas were substantially ameliorated.	2
RESULTS: The average time of presentation was 9 days, with the average time to CDT being 9.5 days.	2
CONCLUSIONS: The procedure may be of value to counteract a recent trend of psychotropic polypharmacy in schizophrenia.	2
The major contraindication to the use of intravenous verapamil is recent administration of intravenous beta-blocking agents (i.e., within the past two hours).	2
These lesions were attributed to treatment and recurred soon after a rechallenge with omeprazole.	2
Within six hours the patient had a partial relapse which resolved completely following further intravenous dantrolene 2 mg/kg.	2
After immediate administration of antihistamines, the pruritus and papules remitted.	2
Approximately 80% of akinetic-rigid syndromes are due to Parkinson's disease.	2
The chimeric anti-CD20 monoclonal antibody, rituximab, is a promising treatment for cutaneous B-cell lymphomas.	2
The majority of patients, however, do not require the use of steroids.	2
His blood sugar became uncontrolled, he gained 13 pounds, and his A1c increased to 9.4%.	2
The clinical course of this patient did not support a cause-and-effect relationship between obidoxime and the abnormal liver function.	2
Bisphosphonates, cancer, and osteonecrosis--a single practice experience.	2
CASE SUMMARY: A 45-year-old white man with a history of hypertension and gout was treated with losartan/hydrochlorothiazide, allopurinol, and colchicine.	2
DESIGN: The medical records of three patients with CSC who were found to use inhaled adrenergic agents or corticosteroids or both were identified prospectively.	2
The patients were transferred to intensive care unit, and the treatment was continued after administration of corticosteroids under careful monitoring of vital signs without any further serious reactions.	2
Immunophenotyping these lesions revealed a dense LCA+, CD2+, CD3+, CD4+, CD5+, CD7+, CD45+, CD45RO+ T-cell infiltrate admixed with many factor XIIIa+ dendrocytes.	2
The patients had experienced loss of employment and the carers described a reduction in the patients' social interactions.	2
Limited data are available regarding use of direct thrombin inhibitors in patients who have severe hepatic impairment with concurrent renal failure requiring CVVHD.	2
The overall symptomatology of these patients as rated on the Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale (BPRS) decreased significantly from a mean of 57.0 +/- 10.4 to a mean of 37.8 +/- 7.7 (t = 7.03, df = 14, P = .001).	2
Cerbral angiography revealed evidence of an arteritis with bilateral high grade carotid stenosis.	2
The application of PCR-Restriction Enzyme Analysis (REA) method on cutaneous specimens in veterinary medicine is an extremely interesting diagnostic tool.	2
The rash was confluent over the radiation ports, both anteriorly and posteriorly.	2
The resultant warfarin dose required to maintain a therapeutic INR was 45 mg/wk, a 63.6% dosage increase after the initiation of bosentan.	2
Diagnosis by PCR-REA.	2
Recent trends in the treatment of acute paracetamol poisoning are mentioned.	2
Dystonia is a common manifestation in Wilson's disease (WD).	2
We present a case of an anaphylactoid reaction in a 62-y-o female following a first-time envenomation by a rattlesnake.	2
She was admitted for observation and all symptoms resolved within 12 h of admission.	2
A 16-month-old male presented to the Emergency Department cyanotic and short of breath after ingestion of a hair-care-equipment cleaning solution.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Capecitabine and 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) are known vasospasm inducers.	2
With the extensive use of platinum-based chemotherapy regimens, either alone or in combination with radiation therapy in the management of gynecological malignancies, this uncommon complication should be kept in mind for early detection and successful management.	2
The clinical and histologic presentation of this side effect and possible biochemical mechanisms of pathogenesis are discussed.	2
With higher doses of radiation being given by using conformal techniques, more radiation-induced optic neuritis and neuropathy will be identified.	2
The basis of the temporal dissociation of serum lithium levels from the clinical manifestations of lithium intoxication remains uncertain.	2
She had taken no drug except for the IFN-beta-1b.	2
He underwent hospital admission, early intubation, intensive care for nine days and hospitalization for six weeks.	2
Infliximab is a chimeric tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) monoclonal antibody, which has been used extensively in patients with rheumatoid arthritis and inflammatory bowel disease.	2
The utilization of abdominal or pelvic radiation has been extended, and the incidence of radiation enteritis appears to be increasing.	2
However this is only the second case reported in the literature, and the first in English.	2
RESULTS: The response rate was 84.6%, with complete response in one patient and partial response (PR) in 10 patients.	2
After initial parenteral vancomycin and rifampin followed by oral prystinamycin-rifampin, the patient recovered without any sequelae.	2
Indometacin is reported to improve growth in Bartter syndrome, but not in Gitelman syndrome, where magnesium supplements are recommended.	2
She then was restabilized with warfarin.	2
The present preliminary report suggests that pharmacokinetic factors cannot be excluded and the CYP2D6 polymorphism is possibly associated with the etiology of NMS.	2
A 41-year-old black female with psoriasis developed photosensitivity and a Koebner reaction while receiving phototherapy.	2
Microscopic examination showed nests of mature adipocytes expanding toward the dermal reticular layer.	2
The relationship between BP and chronic renal failure and/or hemodialysis is not clear, but we believe that immune disarrangement due to chronic renal failure and/or hemodialysis may have influenced the pathogenesis of BP in our case.	2
Report of a fatal case.	2
Before desensitization, the proportion of CFSElow CD4+ cells in whole CD4+ was 3.09%; 13.6% of CFSElow CD4+ cells were stained with anti-interferon gamma antibody.	2
After switching, 11 got better, 29 remained stable whereas seven got worse, according to the Global Improvement.	2
Its radiosensitizing effect may be worth exploring at a lower dose level.	2
Bilateral loss of vision in bright light.	2
The right eye progressed to phthisis bulbi.	2
Warfarin (coumadin) is the most common oral anticoagulant used for chronic anticoagulant therapy and most patients requiring such therapy are elderly (greater than 65 years old).	2
Somatostatin can be helpful after liver transplantation in some well-defined indications.	2
The massively obese patients had an increased risk of cancer and complications from therapy.	2
The effect was retained with a purified IgG fraction and almost eliminated with IgG-depleted serum.	2
In contrast, after the last course of chemotherapy, which did not include M-CSF, urinary protein excretion was not enhanced.	2
They both required treatment with insulin, one in very high dosage, but their insulin requirements fell progressively after the atypical antipsychotic was withdrawn.	2
On December 5, 1995, he began therapy with recombinant IFN-alpha at a dose of 3 MIU three times a week.	2
Six cases of subacute sclerosing panencephalitis (1 stage I, 3 stage II, 2 stage III) were diagnosed at our institution in the last 10 years.	2
Large part of these nodules were suspected to be well differentiated hepatocellular carcinoma with high level of serum alpha-fetoprotein (AFP) up to 3,400 ng/ml, but a part of them was evaluated to be a borderline between hepatocellular carcinoma and adenoma with mild cellular atypism.	2
Foci of retinochoroiditis were observed unilaterally in three patients and bilaterally in one.	2
CASE REPORT: We report a 20-year-old female patient with Crohn's disease who developed WE as a result of thiamine deficiency.	2
We report on a case associated with atenolol.	2
The effect of o,p'-DDD on adrenal steroid replacement therapy requirements.	2
On the seventh day of therapy, he experienced fever, with temperatures as high as 38.8 degrees C.	2
Toxoplasma gondii encephalitis is an important opportunistic infection in the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome, estimated to occur in 20,000 to 40,000 patients with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome in the United States by 1991.	2
BACKGROUND: Metastatic renal cell carcinoma (MRCC) has been characteristically unresponsive to chemotherapy.	2
Toxicity was mainly hematological and of acceptable degree.	2
Differences in susceptibility may exist if either the criteria for either Pseudomonas or Enterobacteriaceae are used.	2
Five months later, he presented with watery diarrhea and abdominal distention.	2
After low-molecular-weight heparin was substituted for unfractionated heparin, the thrombocytopenia resolved and although the pregnancy was lost, the patient made a full recovery.	2
Using insulin's ability to promote fat and protein synthesis is a simple and effective way of treating atrophied scars.	2
A case of intravenous catheter-related cutaneous aspergillosis and Aspergillus fumigatus fungemia in an HIV-positive patient with Burkitt-cell acute lymphocytic leukemia is reported.	2
Skin prick testing several weeks later identified diamorphine as the likely causative agent, a drug overlooked initially as a potential cause.	2
Contact dermatitis, an inflammatory response of the skin to an irritant or an allergen, can affect hospital staff.	2
The study was closed early for safety reasons as there were three unexpected treatment-related deaths.	2
We describe the case of a 36 year old patient who was admitted to the intensive care unit (ICU) for an acute asthma attack that failed to respond to conventional treatment and required mechanical ventilation.	2
The episodes became more frequent in the following months, causing several falls and requiring visits to the emergency department, but no acute coronary event was diagnosed.	2
Recently, RA has been added to the post-BMT therapy in children with stage IV neuroblastoma.	2
At operation a black dacryolith was found, of the diameter predicted by ultrasound.	2
RESULTS: A single intravitreal injection of triamcinolone induced clinical and angiographic resolution of inflammatory macular oedema in all patients for varying periods of time up to 6 months.	2
He had experienced only 2 mild peritonitis attacks with fever within 1 year.	2
The victim was released from hospital the next day.	2
It occurs more frequently in women with underlying systemic autoimmune disease and after multiple ocular procedures.	2
All of the patients and three of the carers recorded scores suggestive of psychiatric morbidity on the General Health Questionnaire.	2
Two hours after a documented overdosage of more than 100 tablets oxcarbazepine, the serum level of the parent compound was 10-fold higher than the therapeutic dosage (31.6 mg l(-1)).	2
A urinalysis was significant for protein 3061 mg/dl, ketones 15 mg/dl, blood 2+, leukocytes 26-50/high-power field, and a protein:creatinine ratio 24.9.	2
Totally implantable venous device (TIVD) are widely used for the treatment of patients requiring long-term chemotherapy, total parenteral nutrition and fluid replacement.	2
Patients who are treated for short-term palliation may be more safely given doses based on ideal body weight.	2
However, if the increment is severe and producing symptoms, withdrawing the probable causative drug is warranted.	2
These cases serve as a timely reminder of the importance of taking an accurate drug history in emergency situations.	2
Chronic vulval ulceration--another immune reconstitution inflammatory syndrome?	2
The situation is less clear regarding other anti-malarial quinine analogues.	2
DESIGN: Case report.	2
A successful clinical outcome was achieved upon recognition of the fungal pathogen.	2
CBF was decreased by 35% (p < 0.05) in the VVR group.	2
METHODS: Retrospective review of a clinical case.	2
Bone marrow aspiration revealed cell maturation arrest.	2
Its ease of administration makes it an ideal drug to treat patients in the outpatient setting while maintaining adequate quality of life.	2
Complete resolution of symptoms within 1-4 days was accompanied by normalization of ADC abnormalities.	2
We report a patient with a recurrent supratentorial pilocytic astrocytoma who had an untoward interaction between high-dose tamoxifen therapy and phenytoin (PHT), drugs that share a common enzyme for metabolism, therefore emphasizing the need to monitor concomitant antiepileptic drug (AED) levels when high-dose tamoxifen therapy is instituted.	2
Both patients were followed carefully for more than a year without the appearance of the resistant virus.	2
Transvenous liver biopsy revealed hepatic angiosarcoma, a rare liver tumor classically associated with environmental toxins.	2
This medicine is available without prescription and contains the potent oxidant ethyl nitrite.	2
Subsequently, the patient developed pulmonary emboli documented by angiography.	2
Acute tumour lysis syndrome in a dog with B-Cell multicentric lymphoma.	2
The patient suffered no side effects, and use of G-CSF represents an important addition to the management of a life-threatening drug reaction.	2
A review of the literature on the prognosis and treatment of aortoarteritis with particular reference to the management of recurrent valvular dehiscence is discussed.	2
Adverse effects of combined propranolol and chlorpromazine therapy.	2
Over the next few days, signs and symptoms of hepatotoxicity progressed, and she became comatose.	2
Gastric variceal bleeding is a serious complication of liver cirrhosis.	2
Blebitis, early endophthalmitis, and late endophthalmitis after glaucoma-filtering surgery.	2
All of the patients responded with increased levels of Hb F, but the responses in total Hb varied.	2
Once ARF is established, repair processes set in which appear to depend on growth factors such as epidermal growth factor and insulin-like growth factor 1, of which there is a relative shortage in established ARF.	2
CONCLUSION: These new targeted agents result in unique cutaneous toxicities.	2
The interaction between phenytoin, thyroid function, and thyroid replacement therapy is discussed.	2
The attack was successfully treated with aggressive bronchodilator therapy.	2
Hypersensitivity to this agent appears to develop after frequent exposure such as with the once-weekly regimens often used to treat brain tumors in pediatric patients.	2
By light and electron microscopic appearances the renal lesion was an epimembranous deposit form of membranous glomerulopathy.	2
Overnight sleep studies and multiple sleep latency testing were carried out under double-blind administration of either L-dopa or placebo.	2
The reporting rate for angioedema was calculated to be 9.8 cases per 1,000,000 pediatric patients.	2
The patient appeared to be homozygous for the dibucaine resistant gene, having only 15% of normal activity in his serum.	2
Neither dosage nor serum levels of CBZ were in a higher range.	2
S-1 could be used as palliative treatment in patients with recurrent/metastatic head and neck cancer.	2
Alopecia is an adverse effect in those patients taking aromatic anti-convulsant drugs but is rarely reported after discontinuing such medications in the convalescent status of anti-convulsant hypersensitivity syndrome (AHS).	2
The tumor subsequently spread to involve skin of the forearm and arm.	2
Propoxyphene overdose is known to cause widening of the QRS complex on ECG.	2
Here we report on a 10-month-old boy with an anaplastic astrocytoma, who acquired an HHV-6 variant B infection during chemotherapy.	2
Palmoplantar pustular psoriasis (PPP) is an uncommon form of chronic psoriasis.	2
This is an interesting case because the proarrhthmia of the drug was not tachyarrhythmia, such as ventricular tachycardia or torsades de pointes, but sinus pause.	2
Translocation (4;11)(p12;q23) with rearrangement of FRYL and MLL in therapy-related acute myeloid leukemia.	2
Such a rapid or complete response cannot be achieved by any conventional form of treatment.	2
Electrophysiologic data obtained before and during thyroxine replacement therapy showed that hypothyroidism lengthens the effective refractory period of the atria, AV node, bypass tract and His-Purkinje system (that in the ventricle not being measured); this lengthening resembles the effects of long-term administration of amiodarone.	2
Anterior uveitis and secondary glaucoma resulting from intraocular ointment has not been reported.	2
Case report.	2
Actinomycosis of the female genital tract has greatly increased over the last two decades.	2
A patient who developed necrotizing pancreatitis after transcatheter arterial chemoembolization (TACE) for hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) is presented.	2
Continuous irregular rhythmic generalized 2.0-2.5 Hz sharp-and-slow wave complexes intermixed with spikes and polyspikes more prominent over the frontocentral areas were seen on the EEG.	2
CONCLUSION: We believe that risperidone is not a substitute for clozapine in treating psychosis in parkinsonian patients and should be used with caution.	2
The most common causes of sudden cardiac arrest are massive pulmonary embolism (PE) and acute myocardial infarction (MI).	2
These perfusions gave a moderate or good temporary palliation as regards to tumor growths on the extremity.	2
Our patient is doing well and is continuing life-long anticoagulant therapy.	2
Hospital drug therapy included enoxaparin.	2
It has a significant effect in relieving motor and vocal tics and in mood and behavior disturbances of children, adolescents, and adults with TS.	2
The dark-adaptation curves were normal for one patient several months after isotretinoin therapy was discontinued.	2
Five patients required short-term dialysis.	2
The clinical features and management of this combined intoxication are discussed.	2
We found that patients with serotonin syndrome most often (74.3%) presented within 24 hours of medication initiation, overdose, or change in dosage.	2
Both patients had laboratory-proven subtherapeutic anticonvulsant serum levels.	2
All the lesions showed high attenuation relative to muscle on the precontrast CT and showed positive findings on PET/CT.	2
Sixteen patients with widely metastatic cancer of the breast, including one man, received mitoxantrone, 10 mg/m2 intravenously (IV) over 30 minutes on day 1, followed by cyclophosphamide, 200 mg/m2 by mouth (PO) daily in divided doses on days 3 to 6.	2
A report on two cases.	2
Plasma cryofibrinogen was measured before and during treatment with stanozolol.	2
Post-dural puncture headache, intracranial air and obstetric anesthesia.	2
Derivatives of Imidazoline usually act to stimulate peripheral alpha2 receptors causing vasoconstriction.	2
There months following surgery, liver metastases were documented associated with elevated levels of serum androgens.	2
There were no abnormal reactions to UVA.	2
Furthermore, inadequate control of hypertension may have been another cause of hemorrhage.	2
The diagnosis was confirmed by arteriography.	2
Both patients were successfully treated with propylthiouracil (PTU) and dexamethasone (DXT).	2
Her IFN beta-1a was discontinued and intravenous immunoglobulin therapy was started for her scleromyxedema.	2
RESULTS: After a single PDT treatment, visual acuity increased from 20/50 to 20/20.	2
In our experience, the correct diagnosis and effective treatment at an early stage proved to be helpful to the patients in pulling out from the critical stage of acute radiation sickness.	2
Similar precursor stages, usually not recognised by clinical laboratory tests and consisting of areas of hyperplasia of hepatocytes and sinusoidal cells and sinusoidal dilatation, lead potentially to hepatic adenoma, carcinoma, peliosis, and angiosarcoma.	2
Sustained and nonsustained ventricular tachycardia: genesis, significance, and management.	2
STUDY DESIGN: Case report of Baclofen pump catheter failure investigated by radioisotope injection.	2
Recurrent hepatitis C and CSD were ultimately managed by the application of pegylated interferon.	2
We present the case of a 75-year-old man with ankylosing spondylitis who developed surgically induced necrotizing scleritis (SINS) more than 3 years after uneventful extracapsular cataract extraction and posterior chamber intraocular lens implantation.	2
Systemic allergic reactions to aprotinin injection around the Achilles tendon.	2
Within 1-6 h of apparently successful thrombolytic therapy for AMI, these three patients experienced sudden and profound bradycardia and hypotension and could not be resuscitated.	2
Interestingly, the majority of cases after OHSS involve thrombosis of the upper extremities.	2
Neutrophilic eccrine hidradenitis (NEH) is an unusual self-limited skin disorder characterized by an inflammatory cell infiltrate in the deep dermis involving the eccrine sweat glands, commonly presenting as painful cutaneous nodules.	2
The cause of the cerebrospinal fluid leak and different treatment approaches are discussed.	2
Ego-alien, suicidal ideas are an extremely rare form of adverse drug reaction.	2
SUMMARY OF BACKGROUND DATA: Symptomatic spinal epidural lipomatosis is considered to be a rare condition usually presenting with slowly progressive cord or nerve root compression.	2
Caution is recommended when treatment is initiated in patients with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in whom there is any suspicion of abnormalities in the atrioventricular conduction tissues.	2
Some of these lesions coalesced into plaques, with small areas of sparing, and a background erythematous color was also found in the axillary vaults (Fig.	2
A number of patients also had acute gastrointestinal hemorrhage.	2
Laboratory evaluation revealed a very low serum cortisol level with a concomitantly low-normal level of adrenocorticotropic hormone (corticotropin).	2
Our case represents the second reported case that required surgical intervention for cure.	2
Granular parakeratosis.	2
A corneal and external disease specialist performed a complete ophthalmologic exam and obtained medical histories of the patients.	2
Doses were gradually reduced in the following days and finally discontinued on day 28 after surgery.	2
A cutaneous biopsy for histologic analysis was performed.	2
Both grafts were successful and remained clear.	2
The patient--a 51-year-old man who was a victim of nasopharyngeal cancer--developed a complex behavioral disturbance consisting of visual agnosia, alteration of sexual behavior, strong oral tendency, placidity, memory deficit and speech disturbance one year after two courses of irradiation and chemotherapy.	2
Others as well may see a similar rise based on local trends in TB infection and disease.	2
The symptomatology of 18 other paediatric cases of naphthylimidazoline exposure reported to the Belgian National Poison Centre, is also discussed.	2
No recurrence was seen in the 12 to 19 month follow-up.	2
In more than 6,000 patient applications of rapid atrial pacing, there has been only one failure to convert the tachycardia.	2
Lamivudine is the most widely prescribed drug of choice for chronic hepatitis B infection, which is a common health problem in China.	2
None of the transfusion-dependent patients benefited.	2
Aspergillus cholangitis can occur in the portoenterostomy patient and may be highly resistant to conventional therapy.	2
Serum potassium was almost always normal.	2
All the cases reported so far, including the current case, have involved tumor located in the lumbosacral region.	2
The individual drug responses vary and no recommended standard doses exist.	2
Tiagabine (Gabitril) is a unique anticonvulsant that is prescribed for a variety of psychiatric disorders.	2
Patients whose trigeminal branches have been subjected to repeated surgical procedures and who have relentless unilateral face-jaw pain should be classified as having chronic traumatic trigeminal neuralgia.	2
Intravitreal bevacizumab (Avastin) as a treatment of the neovascular complications of laser-induced chorioretinal anastomosis for nonischaemic central retinal vein occlusion.	2
Anesthetic care of a patient with an intracranial hemorrhage after thrombolytic therapy.	2
A review of possible pathogenetic factors is given.	2
In the Perugia Consensus Conference it was decided that the recommended antiemetic regimen in the prevention of acute emesis induced by a single high, low and repeated doses of cisplatin is a serotonin receptor antagonist plus dexamethasone.	2
Three patients with T315I abl-mutated chronic myeloid leukemia (CML) or Philadelphia chromosome (Ph)-positive acute lymphocytic leukemia (ALL) have achieved clinical responses to doses of MK-04547 that are not associated with adverse events.	2
Thiazide-induced lichenoid photosensitivity.	2
Its diagnosis is critical to avoid future exposure to aromatic anticonvulsants.	2
Patients with metastatic breast carcinoma and similar presentations should be considered for prophylactic therapy with allopurinol and hydration before chemotherapy.	2
In the brain, the following distribution of olanzapine was determined (mg/kg): negative (cerebellum), 0.22 (hippocampus), 0.86 (midbrain), 0.16 (amygdala), 0.39 (caudate/putamen), 0.17 (left frontal cortex), and 0.37 (right frontal cortex).	2
We recommend the cautious use of alum irrigation in patients with renal impairment and monitoring of serum aluminum levels to prevent excessive accumulation and toxicity.	2
The presentation in humans appears similar to that in dogs where cardiac arrhythmias occurred at doses of 5-15 mg/kg.	2
We are reporting on a "very-very" late stent thrombosis that occurred 43 months post-implantation.	2
Such a clinical association has not been previously described in the literature and might be due to the persistent expression of gp91phox at a very low level.	2
Drug-induced hypersensitivity syndrome (DIHS)/drug rash with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms (DRESS) is a severe multiorgan reaction with reactivation of herpesviruses.	2
Disseminated Fusarium is a rare but life-threatening infection of severely immunocompromised patients.	2
Chickenpox in adult renal transplant recipients.	2
A number of drugs have been reported to cause neuromuscular blockade and/or to increase weakness in myasthenia gravis.	2
Electroconvulsive therapy in myasthenia gravis.	2
The mechanical infusion is the easiest method to standardize and monitor.	2
An acute viral illness or reactivation of systemic lupus erythematosus were the suspected diagnoses.	2
It can occur in association with altered immunological conditions and the administration of various drugs, including corticosteroids.	2
Namely, that recalcitrant psoriatic skin lesions may have good clearing on one biologic, such as efalizumab, and arthritic symptoms can be well-controlled with etanercept, leading patients to be on two different biologics concurrently to control symptoms.	2
Occasionally, traditional analgesic medication regimens cannot be used or are ineffective in relieving the pain.	2
Serial blood determinations suggested re-exposure in four of the patients, and in one of these patients the re-exposure was from a different source of lead.	2
Transient, nonpigmenting fixed drug eruption caused by radiopaque contrast media.	2
During her hospital stay, her sodium level and serum osmolality increased and her urine osmolality decreased, whereas her lithium levels remained within normal limits.	2
He developed immune-mediated diabetes mellitus with low C-peptide and positive antiglutamic acid decarboxylase antibody after completion of therapy.	2
This case report describes successful lithium treatment in a patient with long-standing periodic catatonia.	2
Clinical features include an acute, symmetrically progressive polyneuropathy, focal or generalized myokymia and a tendency for initial neurological deterioration followed by improvement, after cessation of chrysotherapy.	2
Our case report is focused on a woman receiving hemodialysis (HD) with diabetes mellitus for 20 years and severe secondary hyperparathyroidism, who presented painful subcutaneous nodules, skin necrosis and ulcerations.	2
To the best of our knowledge, this is the first report on the treatment of Stenotrophomonas maltophilia bacteremia after living donor liver transplantation.	2
An immunocompromised patient, 6 weeks after bone marrow transplantation, developed extensive skin infection due to Trichophyton rubrum.	2
Arteriography demonstrated extensive pruning of the distal arterial tree along with bilateral external iliac artery dissections - a finding that is not often associated with young, normotensive patients with chronic ergot toxicity.	2
Acute radial artery ischemia following therapeutic steroid injection.	2
Although psoralens are useful components of the psoralen ultraviolet A-range therapy that is mainly used for the treatment of vitiligo, psoriasis, and hypopigmented scars, they have a narrow margin of safety.	2
A 34-year-old woman with a left ovarian cyst (clinically diagnosed as endometrial cyst) was treated with 400 mg of danazol per day.	2
A recent consensus suggested that endoscopic injection of tissue glue for gastric variceal obliteration (GVO) should be the first choice for treatment of acute gastric variceal bleeding.	2
Leflunomide was stopped.	2
Because of its unusual appearance, the name serpentine supravenous fluorouracil hyperpigmentation is suggested for this entity.	2
Rituximab (chimeric anti-CD20 IgG1 monoclonal antibody) is effective in the treatment of relapsed/refractory low-grade lymphomas of B-cell origin as well as in diffuse large B-cell lymphoma.	2
Current literature related to the presented case and the ongoing debate regarding repeated prescriptions are considered in this study.	2
All three patients had rheumatoid arthritis and had received chloroquine for between 12 and 18 months with a maximum dose of 250 mg/daily.	2
Treatment with topical corticosteroids and avoidance of suspect irritants usually resolves the dermatitis.	2
About three weeks into the therapy regimen, he complained of severe retrosternal chest oppression.	2
However, the other antitubercular drugs were continued along with 40 mg of prednisolone in a single daily morning dose.	2
A 23-year-old black woman with a two-month history of seizure disorder was admitted to a hospital with nausea, vomiting, fever, lymphadenopathy, diffuse maculopapular rash, left-upper-quadrant tenderness, and hepatomegaly.	2
Two children were judged to be treatment failures.	2
Other potentially related factors included electrolyte abnormalities and prior neurological insult.	2
BACKGROUND: Large cerebral infarction is a rare complication of neurocysticercosis.	2
Use of alpha-agonists for management of anaphylaxis occurring under anaesthesia: case studies and review.	2
Strongyloides stercoralis infection is known to be important because of its potential for life-threatening disseminated infection in immunosuppressed hosts.	2
PURPOSE: To report the occurrence of focal segmental glomerulosclerosis (FSGS) in children with acute lymphocytic leukemia (ALL), discuss pathogenesis and problems in management.	2
She was induced into CR by ALL-directed chemotherapy and then maintained with IFN-alpha2b together with weekly rotational chemotherapy.	2
Bosentan and warfarin interaction.	2
Emergency coronary angiography revealed no major coronary atherosclerosis.	2
Pantoprazole therapy was promptly discontinued, and prednisone 40 mg/d was initiated.	2
Future studies should address whether FSGS represents a glomerular response to anthracycline-induced injury in susceptible black persons.	2
A significant number of Asians reside in Australia, and consequently patients with nasopharyngeal carcinoma are an increasing clinical problem.	2
In all 5 patients the need for oral corticosteroid therapy was substantially decreased or eliminated, thus decreasing potential corticosteroid-induced morbidity.	2
Within minutes, he experienced an adverse reaction consisting of bilateral pruritus of the feet, which quickly progressed to his head; diaphoresis; nausea; vomiting; facial pallor; and hives.	2
Two hours after ingestion of the drug, the plasma concentration of paracetamol was 3040 mumol/l.	2
Of note, Compositae dermatitis has been shown to have a higher prevalence in children with atopic dermatitis, so it is important for physicians to be aware of the potential allergens (like bisabolol) in products they are recommending as first line treatments.	2
That time the only effective treatment was ventricular pacing.	2
Spectral domain optical coherence tomography and angiographic findings in central serous chorioretinopathy complicated by bilateral nonrhegmatogenous retinal detachment associated with systemic corticosteroids.	2
Our results suggest that HCQ slow oral desensitization is safe, effective, and easy to perform.	2
The combinations of clinical manifestations among FMF patients are quite heterogeneous, but our American cohort did not establish any connections between individual mutations and specific clinical pictures--as is seen in other diseases like cystic fibrosis, in which distinct genotypes target certain organ systems.	2
We report the 1st case of R. equi brain abscess in a patient receiving corticosteroid monotherapy and review the literature for risk factors and sites of infection.	2
We also report, for comparison, a patient treated with conventional AmB, and preliminary studies in mice comparing the two agents.	2
Drug-induced iatrogenic lung disease.	2
This species is susceptible to many antibiotics in vitro and clinically.	2
Enuresis is a common paediatric problem which is sometimes treated with anticholinergic drugs.	2
The INR should be monitored more frequently when bosentan is initiated, adjusted, or discontinued in patients taking warfarin.	2
Despite spontaneous revascularization of many of the lesions, subchrondral collapse caused symptomatic secondary degenerative arthritis in many joints.	2
TREATMENT AND OUTCOME: Exploratory surgery of the coelomic cavity was performed and the neoplasm was excised.	2
Therefore, other immunosuppressive agents have been used to replace glucocorticoids in the long-term treatment of autoimmune hepatitis, including azathioprine, a purine analogue.	2
Linezolid may be a good alternative for treatment of ventriculoperitoneal shunt infections in cases of vancomycin-resistant organisms or apparent treatment failures.	2
Long use of cyclosporine improved the proteinuria and hypoalbuminemia within 12 months.	2
Fatal exacerbation of paraneoplastic systemic sclerosis after neoadjuvant chemotherapy in a breast cancer patient.	2
Treatment with CPH 82, a mixture of two benzylidated podophyllotoxin glycosides, has been shown to improve inflammatory activity in patients with RA.	2
One hour after she drank the second bowl of herbal decoction, she suddenly developed tonic contractions of all her limb muscles and carpopedal spasm lasting 5 min, difficulty in breathing, chest discomfort and perioral numbness.	2
This report describes a patient who developed spasticity following a traumatic spinal cord injury.	2
In addition to glomerulonephritis and a butterfly rash, previously negative tests for antinuclear, anti-dsDNA and anti-Sm antibodies became positive.	2
Thrombocytopenia is one of the most frequent challenges faced in patients with chronic liver diseases.	2
In the seven patients, the mean plasma concentration of carbamazepine, but not of carbamazepine-10,11-epoxide, after clarithromycin coadministration was significantly (p < 0.01) higher than those at 1 and 4 weeks after its discontinuation.	2
The first day after biopsy, the child developed gross hematuria and abdominal pain and an antibiotic was added to her treatment.	2
A computerised tomography scan and a magnetic resonance imaging excluded a central lesion.	2
He was treated with intravenous antibiotics for 6 weeks with continuation of his immunosuppression.	2
CONCLUSION: Psychiatric illness should not rule out the possibility of interferon-based therapy, but it calls for close integration of psychiatric and medical care and individualized decision-making based on the biological and psychosocial circumstances of each case.	2
A 63-year-old man presented with an 11-month history of progressive myoclonus in the right abdominal wall.	2
Cytomegalovirus ventriculoencephalitis after unrelated double cord blood stem cell transplantation with an alemtuzumab-containing preparative regimen for Philadelphia-positive acute lymphoblastic leukemia.	2
Leukocyte histamine release test with salmon calcitonin and serum tryptase levels at baseline and after intramuscular challenge test were performed.	2
Spasm of the sphincter of Oddi is a well-recognized effect of the narcotic class of drugs.	2
After discontinuation of the drug, plasmapheresis and steroid therapy led to a sustained remission.	2
Histologically, the fungal organisms demonstrated markedly enlarged blastoconidia with a variety of morphologic forms, mimicking other mycotic organisms, such as Cryptococcus neoformans, Blastomyces dermatitidis, and Paracoccidioides brasiliensis.	2
After the initial pairings, the taste alone was offered between CY treatments.	2
The syndrome is characterized by hyperuricemia, hyperphosphatemia, hypocalcemia, hyperkalemia, and acute oliguric or anuric renal failure due to uric acid precipitation within the tubules (acute uric acid nephropathy) and to calcium phosphate deposition in the renal parenchyma and vessels.We report a case of acute spontaneous TLS in a patient with Crohn s disease treated with immunosuppressive drugs, who developed a plasmocytoma, in which serum uric acid concentration attained exceptionally high levels (44 mg/dL).	2
In one patient, APL developed 21 months after liver transplantation for ornithine transcarbamylase deficiency.	2
A 35-year-old woman was admitted to our hospital with the following complaints, headache, sweating, anxiety, dizziness, nausea, vomiting and severe hypertension.	2
HRCT obtained on inspiration showed dilated thick-walled bronchioli, and innumerable centrilobular linear and branching structures in the bilateral middle and lower lobes.	2
A 15-year-old boy developed nephrotic syndrome and acute renal failure 4 years after allogenic bone marrow transplantation (BMT) for lymphoid crisis of chronic myelocytic leukemia.	2
Only the third patient showed elevated levels of MMF.	2
The diagnosis may be made more difficult due to lack of typical allergic symptoms, presence of other drugs, or confounding factors and equivocal noninvasive laboratory studies.	2
Clinical report of three cases of acute radiation sickness from a (60)Co radiation accident in Henan Province in China.	2
We investigated initial drug-drug interactions between lamotrigine and sertraline.	2
Each of these was subsequently reviewed by the hematologist who treated the patients for AML.	2
Pericarditis and cardiac arrhythmias developed, but the patient did not have cardiac tamponade.	2
Ruptured Meckel diverticulum mimicking mucositis in a patient receiving induction therapy for high-risk acute lymphoblastic leukemia.	2
The patient was treated with cholesterol-lowering agents (i.e., cholestyramine, lovastatin).	2
Amyloid goiter in a child with familial Mediterranean fever.	2
The case report discussed is, to our knowledge, the third of its kind regarding bone fluorosis resulting from use of this nicotinic derivative.	2
BACKGROUND: Severe vulvar edema is an extremely rare complication of pregnancy.	2
For the second patient, hypophosphatemia was corrected, during hemodiafiltration, with the use of a phosphorus-enriched dialysate.	2
This shows that sertraline has potent interactions with lamotrigine metabolism.	2
RESULTS: Visceral leishmaniasis was established by bone marrow aspiration, and although there was no histological confirmation, according to HLH-2004 criteria, a secondary macrophagic activation syndrome was established.	2
An obese 53-year-old woman (height 167 cm, weight 130 kg) with metastatic breast cancer received high-dose chemotherapy comprising cyclophosphamide, thiotepa and carboplatin (CTC).	2
A retrospective analysis was performed to determine the incidence and clinical features of acute myelogenous leukemia/myelodysplastic syndrome (AML/MDS) developing in chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) patients.	2
Varicella-zoster virus vaccine has diminished the consequences of chicken pox in terms of health and economical burden.	2
An analysis of our patients, together with literature review of similar cases, suggests that the duration of chemotherapy may have been the most important factor in the leukemogenesis.	2
BACKGROUND: Magnetocardiography and M-mode fetal echocardiography are non-invasive techniques capable of identifying fetal arrhythmias.	2
Treatment of JHR is largely supportive, such as administering antipyretic and antiinflammatory agents.	2
He was successfully treated with albendazole and ivermectin, and immunosuppression was reduced.	2
Three of the patients had received no prior alkylating agents.	2
Photochemotherapy using psoralen and ultraviolet (UV)A irradiation (PUVA) is a useful treatment method for vitiligo.	2
Her antecedent medical history included stable, mild renal function impairment, mitral regurgitation, atrial fibrillation, recurrent transient ischaemic attacks and cholelithiasis.	2
Osteonecrosis is a feared complication of corticosteroid use.	2
Inefficacy of high-dose transdermal fentanyl in a patient with neuropathic pain, a case report.	2
A 47-year-old woman with a history of breast cancer presented with eruptive cutaneous nodules on the trunk and extremities.	2
We highlight the importance of physiological hormonal modification and hormonal therapies on the course of MA.	2
Acute myocardial infarction associated with systemic lupus erythematosus documented by coronary arteriograms.	2
The hope is that these cases will increase awareness of the potential use of capsaicin cream as an adjuvant analgesic in patients with residual limb pain.	2
Clinical effects from accumulation of morphine-6-glucuronide have not been described with the exception of case reports in which patients with renal failure were noted to develop opioid toxicity with high plasma levels of the metabolite and low levels of the parent drug.	2
The infants were treated with oral propranolol.	2
The investigators studied a patient with a nortriptyline HCI level of 1,205 ng/mL who had four generalized grand mal seizures, each lasting between 60 and 90 seconds that were immediately followed by hypotension requiring norepinephrine support.	2
She has had no further episodes since substitution of aurothioglucose.	2
In this event the occurrence of neurotoxicity does not correlate with serum lithium levels.	2
RESULTS: After treatment, seven of the eight patients had healing of their ulcers, prompt reduction in their pain, and improvement in livedo reticularis and purpura.	2
Initial cases were associated with anticonvulsants, although other drugs have now been implicated.	2
A magnetic resonance imaging scan obtained 7 weeks after the injection showed a full-thickness tear of the supraspinatus tendon.	2
We believe this case represents a rare complication of anticholinergic therapy.	2
A lumbar epidural catheter was placed preoperatively for pain management.	2
She experienced two separate episodes of observed fits whilst on an initial daily dose of 125 mg and, subsequently, on a daily dose of 237.5 mg.	2
The nonnucleoside analog nevirapine is an inducer of cytochrome P450 3A4 liver metabolism and has interactions with protease inhibitors and oral contraceptives.	2
Most new drug therapies require randomized data to show effects before widespread use and acceptance occur.	2
Effective intravenous cyclosporin therapy in a patient with severe Crohn's disease on parenteral nutrition.	2
Cerebral angiography disclosed occlusions and narrowing of both internal carotid arteries at the supraclinoid portions, where multiple cysts were found on the MRI.	2
These findings are consistent with the assumption that long-term corticosteroid administration potentially induces not only myopathy but also motor neuron involvement as in mitochondrial diseases.	2
Anaphylaxis is an uncommon but serious complication of anaesthesia.	2
Its safety, even in these extreme conditions, is particularly reassuring.	2
Efficacy, cost, toxicity, and duration of treatment determine a treatment protocol.	2
The hepatotoxicity is probably due to (-)-epigallocatechin gallate or its metabolites which, under particular conditions related to the patient's metabolism, can induce oxidative stress in the liver.	2
A kidney biopsy revealed that he had focal segmental glomerulosclerosis.	2
The results of these studies suggest that immune complex deposition does not involve gold and sulfur acting as haptens.	2
A case report.	2
False positive results due to cross-reactive compounds in drug assays may lead to misdiagnosis and mismanagement, especially when child abuse is suspected.	2
All three patients likely experienced electromechanical dissociation (EMD).	2
Methemoglobinemia secondary to cleaning solution ingestion.	2
RESULTS: Six eyes had occult subfoveal CNV, and one eye had recurrent classic subfoveal CNV.	2
Proctoscopic examination after 10 days of therapy showed marked improvement with no evidence of pseudomembranous exudate.	2
This case, in which continuous morphologic adaptation of the cornea occurred, indicates that observation, rather than intervention, is a valid therapeutic option for stage 4 DLK.	2
Toxoplasma gondii infection reactivation predominantly occurs among patients after allogeneic haematopoietic stem cell transplantation.	2
Crumley).	2
She had a history of schizophrenia and was treated with olanzapine 5 mg/day and lithium carbonate 300 mg 3 times/day.	2
Treatment of reflex sympathetic dystrophy (RSD) is primarily surgical.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Intravenous followed by intra-arterial therapy is a promising approach to the treatment of severe acute ischemic stroke.	2
The patient had been receiving factor VIII:C clotting factor concentrates (mean 60,000 U/year) since 1975.	2
This article describes a safe and highly effective augmentation technique in patients suffering from some of the most serious and debilitating forms of anxiety disorders, namely obsessive-compulsive disorder and panic disorder.	2
Although the elimination of normeperidine is decreased as well in these patients, the ratio of normeperidine to meperidine is generally low, and the narcotic effects of meperidine usually predominate.	2
One-half of the women interviewed reported seeing an advertisement for prescription acne treatment before taking Accutane.	2
In patients with occult hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection, acute exacerbation may occur when they become immunocompromised.	2
Other associated changes included koilonychia, dystrophy, and friability of nail plates.	2
Marrow aplasia lasted for 4 and 10 days, peripheral neuropathy for 15 and 42 days, gastrointestinal toxicity for 3 and 5 days, and hypertension for 5 and 14 days.	2
After clinically evident necrosis developed, prompt surgical debridement was carried out.	2
Possible precipitating factors were damage to the subclavian vein, congestive heart failure, paroxysmal atrial fibrillation, and immobilization.	2
An investigation was carried out to try to find the source of malaria infection, which is believed to be the blood or blood products that he received during his initial acute illness.	2
Immunofluorescent studies showed deposits of immunoglobulins and C3 in a granular pattern in the glomerular basement membranes.	2
CPSs sometimes breach the transverse foramen without rupture of the VA.	2
Pancreatic carcinoma in a ten-year survivor of acute myeloblastic leukemia.	2
A number of similarities, including the fact that both medications are 250-mg white tablets, with similar generic and brand names which are generically repackaged medications juxtaposed on the pharmacist's shelf, predispose to the inadvertent substitution of one medication for the other.	2
Primary intestinal aspergillosis after high-dose chemotherapy and autologous stem cell rescue.	2
Cosmetic permanent fillers for soft tissue augmentation: a new contraindication for interferon therapies.	2
Electrical, chemical, and thermal agents are the main causative agents of these burns.	2
There were no immediate reactions on prick and intracutaneous testing with the commercial product used by the patient.	2
An unusual complication of a Hickman catheter.	2
The use of intrauterine Monsel's solution in severe hemorrhage after evacuation of retained products of conception: a case report.	2
Multidrug-resistant, progressive, invasive diffuse spinal aspergillosis: case report and review of the literature.	2
Re-do surgery remains indicated for all other cases of prosthetic malfunction.	2
The longitudinal follow up DWI findings suggest reversible metabolic derangement rather than ischemia as the cause of these findings.	2
Increasing evidence suggests that neurohumoral manifestations of heart failure may lead to insulin resistance, predisposing patients with heart failure to the development of glucose intolerance or worsening of existing diabetes.	2
Ten months prior to TAE the patient had undergone central bisegmentectomy for hepatocellular carcinoma with resection of the extrahepatic bile duct.	2
We suggest that familiar TGA could be caused by the mechanism of vasospasm rather than venous congestion and that the abnormal cerebral vasomotor control could be the hereditary substrate in this condition.	2
Acute and transient ST segment elevation during bacterial shock in seven patients without apparent heart disease.	2
The analysed carbachol concentration exceeded the supposed serum level resulting from a therapeutic dose by a factor of 130 to 260.	2
A 27-year-old man with acute monoblastic leukemia had clinical and laboratory evidence of disseminated intravascular coagulation (DIC), which was exacerbated by induction chemotherapy.	2
The syndrome commonly presents with pruritus and increased muscle tone.	2
The patient developed abdominal pain and high fever on Day 21 after the initiation of chemotherapy.	2
The most common hematologic SMNs are myelodysplasia (MDS) and acute myelogenous leukemia (AML).	2
Because corticosteroids may induce several psychiatric symptoms, psychotropic drugs are required to treat these symptoms in some cases.	2
Optimizing antithrombotic therapy in patients with non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndrome.	2
Familial Mediterranean fever at the millennium.	2
These cases underscore the importance of careful examination of the retinal periphery before management of any presumed optic neuropathy with steroids.	2
Steroid-induced acute psychosis in a child with asthma: report of one case.	2
For pain relief an epidural infusion at the level T1-2 with bupivacaine was started.	2
The pathogenesis of the hypoglycemia was investigated by assessment of serum insulin, plasma glucagon and serum alanine levels during disopyramide rechallenge.	2
Direct immunofluorescence findings were consistent with either cicatricial pemphigoid or linear IgA dermatosis, since both IgG and IgA linear deposits were found at the basal membrane zone.	2
The causal relationship between the drug and the eruption has been based mainly on circumstantial evidence and is further strengthened by the positive result of one or two in vitro tests: the macrophage migration inhibition (MIF) test and the indirect rat mast cell degranulation (MCD) test.	2
METHODS: This study is a case report description.	2
It is important that nurses understand potential side effects of these agents, know of possible interventions, and participate in research to identify effective interventions.	2
METHODS: Patients successfully treated with maintenance doses of im gold (< 20 mg/mo and not more than 10 mg/dose) were identified by chart review.	2
A bone marrow aspiration demonstrated an increased number of macrophages with hemophagocytosis.	2
Platelet count less than SHARP: what does a case series reveal?	2
Monoamine oxidase inhibitors are rarely used in this population, although much evidence and clinical experience would indicate that they can be extremely effective and non-toxic.	2
Before therapy 14 of the patients were unemployed; after therapy only two did not work.	2
Celiac disease diagnosis was performed and symptoms and laboratory abnormalities improved after gluten-free diet.	2
BACKGROUND: Intravenous alteplase for acute ischemic stroke is least efficacious for patients with proximal large-artery occlusions and clinically severe strokes.	2
A few reports have appeared concerning switching from clozapine to other antipsychotics for treatment-refractory schizophrenia.	2
All biopsies were studied by the same pathologist.	2
Depression is a common problem in elderly patients and frequently is treated with antidepressants.	2
He was afebrile, tachycardic, and tachypneic and had an oxygen saturation of 94% while breathing room air.	2
Both procedures were uncomplicated until about 30 min after reperfusion of the graft, when the cut surfaces began to ooze blood.	2
There is a great deal of interest in the long-term effects of chemotherapy in these patients.	2
SSTR2A was also expressed in lymphocytes that had infiltrated thyroid tissue in Hashimoto's thyroiditis.	2
Loss of seizure control associated with generic substitution of carbamazepine.	2
In this report two patients presenting with rippling muscles followed by myasthenia gravis are described.	2
In cases such as these, initial vigorous therapy, including PEEP for hypoxia, corticosteroids for possible aspiration and volume replacement for hypotension, is recommended.	2
Flavimonas oryzihabitans has been isolated from a wide range of body sites, and the portals of entry are major wounds or implanted foreign materials.	2
Carbonic anhydrase inhibitors used in the treatment of glaucoma, seizure disorders, and hypertension are rarely associated with blood dyscrasias.	2
In these patients, the action of tricyclics can be conceptualized as accelerating rather than counteracting the natural, cyclic course of the illness in all of its phases.	2
This symptom gradually abated within a week and when the dosage of milnacipran was increased to 100 mg day(-1) at 2 months, no further piloerection occurred.	2
METHODS: Case series.	2
The edema disappeared with discontinuation of the drug regimen and did not reappear during a subsequent six-month observation period.	2
Therefore, COX-2 inhibitors should be used with caution in renal transplant recipients and in patients with salt depletion and renal insufficiency.	2
This report deals with a 54-year-old man with loss of memory.	2
The metabolic acidosis associated with the seizures may have caused hypotension by direct cardiotoxicity, an increase in bioavailability of tricyclic antidepressant because of changes in protein binding, an alteration of the effects of tricyclic antidepressant on cardiac membrane sodium channels, or a combination of these mechanisms.	2
Cutaneous side effects, namely acneiform eruption, xerosis, telangiectasia, hyperpigmentation, fissures, hair and nail changes, are reported in literature.	2
Cutaneous warts, commonly seen in children and the immunosuppressed are socially distressing and are often resistant to traditional treatments.	2
Smoke inhalation injury from newer synthetic building materials--a patient who survived 205 days.	2
Patient ages ranged from 19 to 36 years at the time of diagnosis of their Crohn's disease, and all were white.	2
Mycological examination confirmed the presence of fungus, Trichophyton rubrum, and the diagnosis of Majocchi's granuloma of the face was made.	2
We report the spectrum of ocular toxicity following accidental inoculation of latex of Calotropis procera (Sodom apple) in 29 eyes between January 2003 and December 2006.	2
Treatment with itraconazole of widespread tinea corporis due to Trichophyton rubrum in a bone marrow transplant recipient.	2
The infant was given indomethacin to induce constriction of sPDA.	2
Both patients presented with abdominal pain and turbid dialysis effluent with or without fever.	2
It would seem that some travelling roots of the sympathetic nerve were preserved from the chemical neurolysis and the remaining efferent and afferent nerve fibers were responsible for the persisting low frequency HAR wave and pain in the left leg.	2
However, severe limiting headaches are rarely experienced in this setting and no known therapy has been described for such a serious side effect.	2
Electron microscopic examination of the heart revealed changes characteristic of adriamycin cardiomyopathy.	2
Estimation of maternal PIVKA levels may be of value for predicting risk of hemorrhage in the neonate.	2
A 59-y-old with a history of chronic renal failure on hemodialysis was diagnosed with herpes zoster and begun on 800 mg acyclovir 5 times daily.	2
CONCLUSION-It is possible to prevent GH from PHT treatment by intensive dental care, correct mouth hygiene and by change of treatment of carbamazepine.	2
These resistances were mediated by a 105-megadalton R plasmid.	2
In view of her cachexia and cytopaenia, emergency chemotherapy was initiated using a modified regimen of carboplatin, etoposide and vincristine (CEO) in preference to the more traditional but less well-tolerated VAC (vincristine, actinomycin D, cyclophosphamide).	2
Therefore, appropriate management of these behaviors seems necessary.	2
Hemodialysis removal of acyclovir.	2
ECM can be easily differentiated from the latter by its typical clinical features.	2
Topical application of glucocorticoids and dimethisone is helpful.	2
If anticonvulsants are employed, then they must be administered with caution, and all cutaneous reactions developing subsequently within the radiation site must be promptly evaluated with a high index of suspicion for erythema multiforme.	2
METHODS AND RESULTS: The authors describe a 62-year-old man with a malignant thymoma that was clinically responsive to oral prednisone.	2
Recurrent fractures in an elderly patient with systemic lupus erythematosus.	2
Treatment of tardive dystonia with oral baclofen produces ambivalent and overall disappointing results.	2
Cancer patients with decreased DPD activity are at increased risk for severe toxicity including diarrhea, stomatitis, mucositis, myelosuppression, neurotoxicity, and, in some cases, death.	2
In addition, the in vivo immunological study also revealed an intercellular fluorescence, similar to that seen in pemphigus.	2
Fetal exposure to anticonvulsant drugs.	2
The authors present a case of acute postoperative paralysis after posterior cervical decompression by a mechanism that has not yet been reported in the literature.	2
She was treated with an intra-articular injection of 80 mg methylprednisolone into her sacroiliac joint, followed 2 days later by a cluster of herpetiform vesicles adjacent to the injection site.	2
Previous associations with a drug or food allergy, allergic rhinitis, atopic dermatitis, and elevated IgE levels suggest an atopic predisposition in the pathogenesis of this disorder.	2
Cytomegalovirus retinitis treated with ganciclovir in a renal transplant recipient.	2
This is a case report of the successful combination therapy of tissue plasminogen activator and urokinase for an isolated thrombosed prosthetic mitral valve in a postpartum patient in whom operation was thought to carry an unacceptable risk.	2
Several reports have emphasized the need for a loading dose in order to achieve therapeutic blood levels rapidly.	2
This case emphasizes the importance of proper work-up of patients with apparently progressive lymphomas.	2
Sometimes the presentation is with diabetic ketoacidosis, requiring insulin treatment, which can nevertheless be reversible.	2
In this case, the dose was slowly reduced after delivery, and the maternal lamotrigine serum concentration more than doubled in the week before the neonatal apneic episodes.	2
Two days after completing this regimen, the patient developed a rash with blistering.	2
To evaluate whether racial factors may be involved in the development of ART-induced lipodystrophy and/or lipid serum abnormalities, we carried-out a case-control study on all 23 consecutive anti-HIV-positive sub-Saharan black African patients observed from September 20fc01 to December 2001 ('Cases') and 23 Caucasian 'Controls' pair-matched for sex, age (+/-5 years), number of CD4 cells (+/-100 cells), clinical stage of HIV infection, overall duration (+/-3 months) of anti-retroviral treatment and type and duration (+/-3 months) of the last anti-retroviral regimen.	2
Disseminated varicella infection in a child receiving short-term steroids for asthma.	2
Alternative methods for conversion of supraventricular tachycardia should be considered.	2
Soft-tissue masses are rarely associated with Histoplasma capsulatum infection.	2
The patient remained hospitalized for 3 months.	2
Three had low values of IgA, and all had normal values of IgM, IgD and IgE, and blood cells.	2
I have described a patient with a prosthetic heart valve in whom the purple toes syndrome developed.	2
This complication may have been due to shrinking of the tumor as well as thrombocytopenia following chemotherapy.	2
Hypomagnesaemia in children with cystic fibrosis (CF) is under-recognized.	2
The importance of high-tone audiometry in monitoring for ototoxicity.	2
The catheter in the pulmonary trunk was successfully removed through a percutaneous femoral vein approach using a pigtail catheter and goose neck snare.	2
To date, there have been no recorded cases of lichenoid drug eruptions (LDEs) caused by clinical use of the nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug salsalate.	2
A trial of steroid therapy following early detection of such obstruction in lieu of early surgical exploration is discussed.	2
This is the first series of cases to be reported demonstrating the potentially blinding complications of topical facial steroids.	2
Desensitization to hydroxychloroquine--experience of 4 patients.	2
Although it is considered safe in this context, several reports of short lasting proarrythmic effects have been described.	2
Pulmonary hemorrhage should be considered in the differential diagnosis of patients who receive thrombolytic therapy in whom new roentgenographic pulmonary infiltrates present accompanied by decreases in hematocrit value.	2
The diagnosis was made by isolation of the organism only after surgical drainage was established and appropriate tissues were cultured.	2
This phenomenon has been described with gentamicin though never with amikacin.	2
Aspergillus terreus was isolated from her biliary fluid obtained at percutaneous transhepatic cholangiography.	2
Hormone therapy with leuprolide acetate (Lupron) is frequently used to treat prostate cancer, a common malignancy expected to be diagnosed in >180,000 men in the United States this year.	2
Traditionally, children with acute lymphoblastic leukemia receive prednisone, as part of multiagent remission-induction chemotherapy.	2
Ethambutol is an antimicrobial agent used frequently to treat tuberculosis.	2
Following IVIG infusion, lupus encephalitis in the first patient quickly resolved and the impressive improvement of the clinical status was associated with a transient increase in C1q-binding activity.	2
This helped us to find a proper therapeutic strategy for our patient.	2
Second-line chemotherapy with pemetrexed 500 mg/m2 intravenously every 3 weeks was commenced.	2
Potential role for topical clotrimazole in combination chemotherapy.	2
After 2 months, antibiotic therapy was continued with one drug.	2
Compared to patients without TD, patients with TD had a long duration of illness and clozapine treatment; all had the orolingual type of TD.	2
Three patients were weaned from the VADs, and two survived.	2
However, we cannot exclude a primitive effect of erythropoietin on the endothelium or on the platelets.	2
Supralethal magnesemia with patient survival.	2
Despite this improvement, the patient became resistant to the clozapine titration schedule due to complaints of sedation.	2
In addition, gabapentin treatment enhanced the frequency of hypothermic episodes in a separate patient with known hypothalamic dysfunction.	2
Changed Michaelis-Menten parameters suggest that cisplatin increases the metabolic rate of phenytoin.	2
High-dose methylprednisolone was administered for treatment of the pneumonitis.	2
The study included three men and one woman aged 52-65 years.	2
Symptoms include fever, chills, cough, pleuritic chest pain, dyspnea.	2
Although heliox has been used foryears to treat patients with various respiratory complications, it is not currently a common treatment instituted by anesthesia practitioners for the treatment of bronchospasm.	2
The dialyzer circuit did not clot during the argatroban infusion and did not apparently influence dose-related aPTT measurements.	2
Despite infusion of hypertonic saline, his serum Na was not restored to normal.	2
Weakness of the right arm, focal seizures, lethargy and confusion appeared on day 10.	2
CASE SUMMARY: A 35-year-old African American woman with a history of primary pulmonary hypertension managed with warfarin, diltiazem, and hydrochlorothiazide was initiated on bosentan therapy.	2
The patient underwent acute oliguric renal failure, which required treatment with hyperhydration, urine alkalinization, urate oxidase and hemodialysis, with a fatal evolution.In conclusion, the present case report has several peculiarities: that of being one of the rare examples of spontaneous TLS, that of showing an exceptionally severe hyperuricemia, probably the highest ever reported in the literature, and that of the possible increased risk of tumours in patients with Crohn s disease taking inmunosuppressives and/or TNF antagonists.	2
Prominent neuroleptic sensitivity in a case of early-onset Alzheimer disease due to presenilin-1 G206A mutation.	2
This article presents a rare case of acute toxic hepatitis in thirty-one-year old primigravida.	2
Primary spontaneous coronary artery dissection is a rare condition but one that must be considered when young people, especially post partum women, present an acute ischaemic syndrome.	2
Keratitis resolved within 8.4 weeks (range, 1-18 weeks) of treatment with fortified clarithromycin and amikacin.	2
Lesions exceeded the confines of adjacent vascular territories.	2
Examination showed a 7-cm mass and biopsy revealed angiosarcoma.	2
A higher frequency than expected of HLA A 11 in three patients and B 15 in five patients was seen.	2
6-Thioguanine is being increasingly used in the treatment of inflammatory bowel disease but has not been reported to cause liver injury in this context.	2
Blood analysis revealed an elevated erythrocyte sedimentation rate and polyclonal hypergammaglobulinemia.	2
The remaining 12 received three or more courses of treatment, and three of these patients achieved a complete response.	2
Potential advantages and hazards of transvaginal intratubal insemination and single-dose MTX for ectopic pregnancy are discussed.	2
Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency was present in the former case and was thought to contribute to the lung injury.	2
The effects on different biophysiological parameters and subjective impressions were studied in a patient with breast cancer who was not previously given any therapy before receiving Ukrain.	2
It also illustrates the need for continued clinical evaluation of patients with metastatic prostate cancer, even in the face of PSA response.	2
An understanding of the proposed pathophysiology of various types of delirium will allow appropriate clinical measures to be taken.	2
Percutaneous drainage of the liver abscess and externalization of the VP shunt were performed.	2
Gabapentin for the treatment of neuropathic pain in a pregnant horse.	2
CONCLUSIONS: The results of our study suggest that the pharmacokinetics of parent ifosfamide may not be substantially altered in patients with renal failure.	2
Chronic pain was assessed clinically by means of a visual analog scale (VAS) before and 12 weeks after the start of the milnacipran treatment or at the time the drug was stopped.	2
Case report: role of granulocyte colony stimulating factor in radiotherapy.	2
Twenty-seven consecutive patients admitted for an acute CAD were investigated using a standardized imaging protocol.	2
RESULTS: The patient had complete paraplegia develop within 12 hours from admission following a 1-day history of unsteady gait and a 3-day history of leg numbness.	2
FK506 dose level was maintained and then reduced.	2
Post-transplant lymphoproliferative disorder (PTLD) is a life-threatening complication after lung transplantation, for which several risk factors including pretransplant seronegativity for Epstein-Barr virus are known.	2
Sulprostone, a synthetic prostaglandin with potent uterotonic action, has been shown to have a low complication rate in a large series.	2
Neutropenic enterocolitis is a severe and potentially life-threatening complication that may affect patients undergoing chemotherapy for acute leukemia or lymphoma.	2
Neurologic examination and brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) were normal, but interictal EEG showed left frontal epileptiform activity.	2
Withdrawal of the medication was associated with return of the patient's normal mental status.	2
The action of valproate in GABA metabolism and in GABA neuronal networks could produce a similar result through a hyperrecruitment of GABA-mediated postsynaptic transmission.	2
Case report and literature review.	2
We report the case of a 17 years old female with a Ewing's sarcoma of the left femur treated with limb sparing surgery followed by local radiotherapy of 45 Gy and adjuvant chemotherapy with vincristine, doxorubicine, cyclophosphamide, actinomycin D.	2
The children were symptom-free at follow-up, which ranged from 5 months to 3 years.	2
A careful history and examination, with appropriate investigations, can lead to an accurate diagnosis in such difficult cases.	2
A 66-year old woman with acute pancreatitis was admitted to our hospital with the complaint of epigastralgia radiating to both flanks for two months.	2
The course of a seasonal bipolar disorder influenced by caffeine.	2
This regimen is administered in cycles of approximately 3 weeks; a total course of treatment consists of six cycles.	2
Like other myeloproliferative diseases, ET is associated with an increased risk of development of acute leukemia (AL).	2
Of the 10 patients with MDS, 6 were suffering from refractory anaemia with sideroblasts (RAS) and 4 from refractory anaemia with an excess of blasts.	2
We report of a 42-year-old man, in whom pyomyositis developed while he was receiving the standard chemotherapy for T-cell non-Hodgkin's lymphoma (NHL).	2
CASE REPORT: A 77-year-old female nursing home resident was inadvertently administered 50,000 units of oral vitamin D daily for 6 days.	2
RESULTS: Complete removal of the tumor was performed.	2
The severity of cutaneous and hematologic toxicity experienced by our patient has rarely been reported.	2
But if necessary, when deciding which agent to use, the clinician should consider the mechanism by which the body clears TNF-alpha.	2
Drug-induced pleural disease.	2
MR appears to be valuable in the detection of abnormalities induced by treatment with high-dose methotrexate.	2
Valvular endocarditis after percutaneous coronary intervention is unusual.	2
We report a case of cerebral arterial air embolism that was followed by a brain computed tomographic scan and magnetic resonance imaging during the first week after onset.	2
The pharmacology of the drug and therapeutic experiences in 6 cases are described.	2
This may be related to the dose and duration of therapy with these agents.	2
The sixth woman, with an empty sella turcica after radiation therapy of a pituitary adenoma, had an endometrial mullerian adenosarcoma at the age of 40 years after 16 years of estrogen therapy.	2
Case report.	2
Complement factor H (FH) deficiency is one of the causes of atypical hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS).	2
5. At least half of the patients developing ANLL experienced long periods of significant cytopenia during therapy, often with documentation of bone marrow dysplasia.	2
PURPOSE: To report 4 cases of Toxoplasma gondii retinochoroiditis in patients having recently undergone cardiac transplantation.	2
The cough is considered to be a class-related adverse effect with cross-reactions between ACE inhibitors routinely reported.	2
Pegylated recombinant human megakaryocyte growth and development factor (PEG-rHuMGDF) and granulocyte colony-stimulating factor (G-CSF) promote haematopoietic progenitor cell maturation.	2
The viral DNA copy number in whole blood remained positive, however, but was reduced.	2
A woman, aged 39 years, presented with a localized, painful, pustular eruption of the neck, scalp, and finger of five years' duration.	2
The patient was treated with methylprednisolone pulse therapy (1 g/day, for 3 days) followed by oral prednisolone.	2
The number of melanosomes, mitochondria, endoplasmic reticulum and dendrites were increased.	2
Fludarabine phosphate is currently proposed for the treatment of refractory chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL).	2
We describe t(8;16)(p11;p13) acute myeloid leukaemia (AML-M4) in a 12-year-old white male with a history of prenatal X-ray exposure.	2
The postoperative course was complicated by slight override of the graft associated with an associated epithelial defect, but there was no evidence of microbial keratitis or significant anterior chamber inflammation.	2
The lesion was successfully resected using cardiopulmonary bypass, and the diagnosis of metastatic osteogenic sarcoma was confirmed.	2
To our knowledge, this is the first case of polymyositis associated with dilated cardiomyopathy after the administration of interferon in a patient with hepatitis B.	2
In addition, the mother drew large volumes of blood from the patient under the pretense of following a physician's orders.	2
Rapid detection of causative pathogen of peritonitis using in-situ hybridization in a patient with continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis.	2
A 76-year-old woman was admitted to our department for evaluation of left facial pain, confusion and disorientation.	2
This may be due to a change in the type of metabolites excreted.	2
Therefore, the critical care nurse must have knowledge of the implications of administering standard antiarrhythmic agents if this patient reverts into a tachyarrhythmia.	2
Acute or chronic infections or inflammatory conditions can exacerbate anemia in patients on dialysis.	2
We describe the case of a 61-year-old Peruvian man, who received bilateral lung transplants for idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, and subsequently developed persistent fever with pulmonary infiltrates, ventilator dependence, and pneumothoraces.	2
A model that may potentially assist in the clarification of androgen-mediated effects on mood is the study of cryptorchid men who may grow up with varying degrees of testosterone deficiency depending on the time in their life when cryptorchism is corrected.	2
He was transferred when he developed pancytopenia, fever, severe mucositis, ileus and peripheral neuropathy.	2
The trunk was twisted just after the appearance of the abdominal myoclonus associated with myoclonic jerks spreading from the rostral to caudal paraspinal muscles.	2
Immune-mediated reactions to nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) are unusual, and true allergy to the drug flurbiprofen has never been documented.	2
Two patients had a poor outcome, 1 patient suffered a significant groin hematoma, and there were no instances of symptomatic intracerebral hemorrhage.	2
No patient died of INFVA.	2
Ultrasound-guided stellate ganglion block successfully prevented esophageal puncture.	2
A 14-year-old boy with chronic granulomatous disease and severe infection was admitted to the hospital because of left shoulder aspergillus' infection and pain.	2
A Flexiflo Inverta percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy tube was successfully inserted by pull technique.	2
Three patients with life-threatening manifestations of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE), unresponsive to conventional high-dose corticosteroid and/or immunosuppressive therapy were treated with intravenous polyspecific IgG (IVIG).	2
It can be caused by a variety of factors, including repeated steroid injections, chronic tenosynovitis, and decreased blood supply to the tendon.	2
After a total of more than 500 cardioversions, all antiarrhythmic medications were withdrawn, and the nonselective beta-blocker propranolol was initiated.	2
Most patients with ergot toxicity present with symptoms of lower extremity claudication.	2
Antimonial derivatives induced a rapid remission.	2
This patient's anemia resolved after discontinuation of the drug; he subsequently underwent an uncomplicated orthotopic heart transplant with no recurrence of anemia.	2
No systemic antibiotics would be given.	2
She received no other concomitant medications.	2
The combination of levodopa and peripheral dopadecarboxylase inhibitor is the most efficacious symptomatic treatment for Parkinson's disease.	2
A review of the literature regarding the pathogenicity of this organism and, in particular, its occurrence as a cause of pneumonia is presented.	2
The criterion for TD was a score of > or = 3 on one item or 2 on two or more items of the ESRS.	2
An 18-year-old man with attention-deficit-hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) was prescribed varenicline for smoking cessation.	2
Management of hypertension and dyslipidaemia in patients presenting with hyperuricaemia: case histories.	2
Intracavernous self-injection with vasoactive drugs is a new treatment for impotence.	2
To increase the drug concentration at the infection site, we irrigated the capsular bag with antibiotics.	2
The areas under the curve for theophylline alone and theophylline with zafirlukast were 29.3 and 197 (mg x h)/L, respectively.	2
Spinal myoclonus resembling belly dance.	2
Double jeopardy?	2
CONCLUSION: beta-blockade treatment was well tolerated and may be beneficial in relieving symptomatic steroid-induced left ventricular outflow tract obstruction in premature infants.	2
A 19-year-old woman was admitted with acute severe asthma in her eleventh week of pregnancy.	2
This case indicates that the potential for beta-blocker-induced hyperkalemia exists even with topical appreciation.	2
Catecholamine-induced automaticity was one of the possible mechanisms of VT in the first case, but the mechanism is unknown in the second case.	2
In addition, a subjective improvement in quality of life and restoration of functioning including a decrease in missed workdays was noted.	2
Their age range was 44 to 66 years.	2
Magnetic resonance imaging appearance of the shoulder after subacromial injection with corticosteroids can mimic a rotator cuff tear.	2
Combined central retinal artery and central retinal vein occlusion following pars plana vitrectomy.	2
Median haemoglobin nadir for patients with ALL and AML was 4.5 g/dL (range 1.3-6.9) and 5.1 g/dL (range 2.6-6.8), respectively.	2
When glucocorticoids are used for longer than brief periods, even in moderate dosages, they can produce a variety of adverse effects, including steroid diabetes.	2
Three days after stopping the medication he reverted to normal sinus rhythm.	2
She also had low-grade fever, intermittent chronic abdominal pain, weight loss, polyarthralgia, and conjunctivitis.	2
Echocardiography demonstrated a complete systolic obliteration of the left ventricular cavity.	2
The patient was treated with oral prednisolone 70 mg/day on a tapering schedule.	2
DISCUSSION: Both cases met Stembach's criteria for serotonin syndrome and had serious extrapyramidal movement disorders.	2
Donepezil therapy was discontinued prematurely in three of the cases due to insufficient response and/or adverse events.	2
Complete lysis of the thrombus was observed after 6 months of treatment with UFH and LMWH respectively without any further complications.	2
The first patient, a 9-year-old girl, had severe panuveitis complicated by traction retinal detachment, eventually requiring vitrectomy.	2
At 13.25 years rhGH therapy was discontinued owing to frequent hypocalcemic crises; serum IGF-1 levels were persistently low in the following years (between 160 and 180 microg/l, normal range for age 250-600 microg/l).	2
Clinical recovery required an average of 42 days and was complete in four of five patients.	2
After discontinuing the drug, his edema resolved.	2
Although there is no rigorous evidence to support this management, private hyperbaric centers have been established throughout the United States and Canada.	2
At our institution, high-dose i.v. dexmedetomidine is used to provide sedation for pediatric patients undergoing nonpainful radiological imaging studies.	2
These cases highlight the importance of considering PTLD in the differential diagnosis of lymphadenopathy and fever post ASCT.	2
Hormone replacement therapy and late-life mania.	2
Crumley).	2
The case illustrates the interaction of multiple viruses with accelerated progression to end stage liver disease and ultimately death.	2
Two cases of vesicouterine fistula, caused by lower-segment cesarean section, are presented.	2
METHODS: Retrospective chart review was performed.	2
To our knowledge, this is the first such description of this phenomenon in the literature.	2
A patient with Hodgkin's disease developed acute radiation pneumonia four months after completion of mantle radiotherapy and during cyclical adjuvant chemotherapy.	2
The disease is suggested endoscopically by its typical appearance.	2
Seven months after treatment onset, a combination of nortriptyline, clonazepam, and relaxation procedures has successfully controlled the patient's facial pain symptoms.	2
On further investigation, coronary angiography revealed a long chronic dissection of the right coronary artery.	2
Successful treatment of patients with respiratory failure due to fungal infection after allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation.	2
After eyelid reconstruction the patient's visual axis has remained unobstructed, and amblyopia has been thus far averted.	2
They discuss this underrecognized complication of valproate use and the implications for treating elderly patients, in whom valproate use is increasing.	2
PURPOSE: The intravitreal application of triamcinolone acetonide as treatment of long-standing, therapy-resistant cystoid macular edema after penetrating keratoplasty is reported.	2
Ultrasonography showed ciliochoroidal effusion.	2
It is suggested that many of the reported side-effects of o,p'-DDD may be due to hypoadrenalism and may be controlled by greatly increasing the steroid replacement dose.	2
Retrospective analysis of two cases from 9235 accessioned endometrial biopsies.	2
Metformin is described as a glucose-lowering agent for treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus and as antiobesity drug, though results achieved with this last indication are not conclusive.	2
The mechanism was proven by ribotyping of the microorganism and postmortem pathology.	2
Survivors of childhood solid tumors including Ewing sarcoma (ES) have an increased risk of secondary malignant neoplasms (SMNs) as a consequence of exposure to chemotherapy and/or radiation (see: Bhatia S, Sklar C.	2
Improvement in prothrombin time, activated partial thromboplastin time, and fibrinogen after rFVIIa administration was statistically significant, as compared with that observed after conventional treatment.	2
METHODOLOGY: A case series of nine patients with lead poisoning who required inpatient management, identified through a Clinical Toxicology Service.	2
Coronary artery spasm usually responds to sublingual nitroglycerin.	2
We report a case of calciphylaxis that may very well be due to a long-term steroid use in a rheumatoid arthritis patient who had neither end-stage renal disease nor hyperparathyroidism.	2
Fifty days after the first UCBT, the patient underwent a second UCBT with a reduced-intensity conditioning regimen.	2
We believe that methotrexate represents a relatively effective alternative to surgery in patients with early unruptured tubal pregnancy, but suggest that it be used with caution in view of possible systemic toxicity.	2
Striking regression of radiation-induced fibrosis by a combination of pentoxifylline and tocopherol.	2
Laparoscopic splenectomy was performed before therapy in four patients with platelet counts of <70,000/mm(3), and during therapy in five patients with severe thrombocytopenia.	2
Four weeks after the end of the chemotherapy she developed interstitial pneumonitis and irreversible lung fibrosis.	2
To the authors' knowledge, this is the first case report of the successful treatment of disseminated cutaneous phaeohyphomycosis in a dog.	2
We report a patient who initially presented with localized Ewing sarcoma and later developed metastatic disease that required dose-intensified chemotherapy.	2
The patient who survived had been taking the lowest dose of azathioprine and was given the recommended dose of acyclovir.	2
He was transferred to our hospital when he was discovered to have acute renal failure with hyponatremia (118 mEq/L) and severe rhabdomyolysis (creatine phosphokinase, 227,200 IU/L).	2
Fatal spontaneous spinal epidural hematoma following thrombolysis for myocardial infarction.	2
Standard therapy directed at volume overload quickly cleared the pulmonary congestion, and the pregnancy progressed uneventfully to term.	2
L. micdadei PVE successfully treated with levofloxacin/valve replacement: case report and review of the literature.	2
Avascular necrosis (osteonecrosis) occurs in Crohn's disease, but the rate of this particular complication is not known.	2
Chemical and traumatic alopecia from thioglycolate in a black woman: a case report with unusual clinical and histologic findings.	2
An electrocardiogram revealed occasional premature ventricular contractions, a QTc interval of 683 msec (normal range for females 450-460 msec), and R on T phenomenon.	2
The microorganism was identified with a molecular diagnostic method as Schizophyllum commune, which had not been reported in English literature as a pathogen inducing pulmonary nodules after transplantation.	2
Cimetidine, an H2 blocker, may partially abolish the effect of tolazoline.	2
The response to antimicrobial therapy was better in the more recent cases.	2
Transplant physicians should be aware of this unusual pathogen and the potential for both persistent line-related sepsis and possible septic arthritis.	2
A drug-drug interaction may result in decreased methadone blood levels when administered with nevirapine.	2
Follow-up of these infants has shown no recurrence of seizures.	2
Five patients were treated with dose-intensive melphalan and blood stem cell support and followed for a period of 1 year.	2
During a second FAB infusion (400 mg) the patient reverted to regular AV-conduction.	2
The patient used the recommended dose regularly, and he described progressive proximal muscle weakness and generalized myalgias, which started 1 month before presentation.	2
Positive CSF PCR of JC virus confirmed the diagnosis.	2
Video game epilepsy is considered to be its variant or a pattern sensitive epilepsy.	2
It is frequently seen on the anterior aspect of the legs of women.	2
The patient deteriorated to Glasgow Motor Scale score (GMS) 2 and a CT scan showed signs of raised ICP.	2
The risk is probably higher with valproic acid than carbamazepine.	2
This effect of cisapride is presumably related to its serotonin3 antagonistic property.	2
Patient 2 underwent two attempted operative anastamotic revisions with thrombectomies and local thrombolysis prior to CDT.	2
BACKGROUND: Although multiple sclerosis (MS) is a common disease of the central nervous system, the association of intraparenchymal tumour has been rarely reported and the potential relationship between intracranial meningioma and MS has not been seriously analysed.	2
RESULTS: Despite treatment with various neuroleptics, the psychosis resolved only when the interferon/ribavirin were discontinued.	2
Increased neurotoxicity was not observed in any child.	2
Forty-eight hours later a commercially available cylindrical diffusing laser fiber was inserted into an 8F biliary catheter equipped with a 0.038 inch side-hole at its distal tip.	2
I just thought that was my quality of life on dialysis.	2
The asthma resolved within 24 hours following three albuterol inhalations.	2
The expanded allele segregated with neurological signs in one kindred.	2
Acute septic arthritis in chronic osteonecrosis of the hip.	2
Bullous Pemphigoid (BP) is an autoimmune subepidermal blistering disease appearing predominantly in the elderly.	2
Other pertinent laboratory data, including liver and renal function tests results, serology for virus infection, and serum levels of vitamin B12 and folic acids, were normal.	2
The clinical monitoring was based on the serial registration of respiratory rate, cardiac rate, SaO2 and body temperature.	2
Treatment included double-volume exchange transfusion, phenobarbital administered prophylactically, and folinic acid rescue 18 mg every 3 hours for 16 doses.	2
We report the first case of fulminant hepatic failure associated with its use.	2
Is it quinine TTP/HUS or quinine TMA? ADAMTS13 levels and implications for therapy.	2
Darifenacin is a muscarinic antagonist which was FDA approved for the treatment of overactive bladder in December 2004.	2
In both cases the presenting symptoms were indistinguishable from hospital-acquired pre-engraftment diarrhoea, which is commonly caused by Clostridium difficile.	2
These signs resolved 24-48 h after cyclosporin and ganciclovir were discontinued.	2
This report describes the initial protocol, the gingivectomy, and a 2-year follow-up.	2
As far as we are aware, there are no published reports of early replacement of an intrathecal catheter in patients with neurological sequelae.	2
However, there are some recent reports on serious adverse events, probably associated with this complementary and alternative herbal medicine.	2
Laboratory studies showed elevated creatine kinase, aspartate aminotransferase, alanine aminotransferase, and lactate dehydrogenase levels, as well as azotemia, hyperphosphatemia, hypocalcemia, and leukocytosis.	2
We present a case of methanol poisoning in a child in whom the use of fomepizole averted intravenous ethanol infusion and the attendant side effects of this therapy.	2
The patient was heterozygous for the factor V Leiden mutation.	2
Human immunodeficiency virus-1 viral load and antibodies were also negative.	2
The patient died of recurrent myocardial ischemia 3 days postoperatively.	2
He developed necrotizing pancreatitis, possibly due to regurgitation of the chemotherapeutic agents to the pancreas.	2
An objective causality assessment revealed that the adverse drug event was probable.	2
Infracardiac total anomalous pulmonary venous connexion and unilateral renal agenesis with ipsilateral phocomelia and unicornuate uterus were associated anomalies.	2
There were several procedures suggested for the reconstruction.	2
Central pontine myelinolysis (CPM) is removal of myelin material from neural elements in a way that is not clearly known as yet.	2
Most cases are treated relatively easily, but recurrences are frequent and the infection often spreads to other parts of the oral mucosa.	2
Inadvertent globe perforation resulted in subsequent rhegmatogenous retinal detachment.	2
His atrial fibrillation subsequently had converted to normal sinus rhythm while he received propafenone without adverse effects prior to this episode.	2
Patients with a history of previous coronary artery disease or risk factors for coronary artery disease should be observed closely for signs of myocardial ischemia, particularly during the initial infusion.	2
A 13-month-old child with lamellar ichthyosis and numerous cutaneous and systemic infections died following an abrupt episode of severe hypotension.	2
We recommend that bisphosphonates be used with caution in patients with myeloma and renal impairment, that vitamin D deficiency be corrected prior to treatment (to reduce the risk of hypocalcaemia) and that serum calcium and renal function be monitored during treatment.	2
Non-nucleoside retroviral transcriptase inhibitors are known to cause hepatotoxicity.	2
Six months later she was again prescribed sustained-release verapamil 240 mg in another clinic where the physician was unaware of her previous reaction.	2
A more serious development of adrenal insufficiency may occur upon the improper replacement of systemic steroids.	2
Herein, we report a patient treated preoperatively with multiple psychiatric medications who developed serotonin syndrome (SS) during the perioperative period.	2
All patients were maintained on prophylactic topical ofloxacin 0.3% or polymyxin-B/trimethoprim, as well as prednisolone acetate 1% (in 2 cases, medroxyprogesterone 1%), at least twice daily.	2
He further reduced his dosage to 15 mg every morning on days 13 and 14 of varenicline therapy, and his supply of amphetamine-dextroamphetamine was depleted on day 15.	2
After treatment, the arterial blood pH rose to 7.53, and vasopressor agents were no longer needed to support blood pressure.	2
The infiltrate was treated with a combination of topical polyhexamethylene biguanide, chlorhexidine, atropine sulfate, and oral itraconazole and resolved within 2 months.	2
In addition, severe oedema of the right upper eyelid was observed.	2
Autoantibody assessment showed negative ANA, anti-dsDNA, anti-ENA, and ANCA, but positive granulocyte-bound antibodies (GBA) and neutrophil-specific (CD 16+)-bound antibodies (anti-NA).	2
The infant had growth retardation and multiple anomalies including microbrachycephaly, coronal craniosynostosis, hypotelorism, shallow orbits, proptosis, blepharophimosis, small, abnormal ears, unilateral preauricular pit, broad, flat nasal bridge, microstomia, high-arched palate, micrognathia, preaxial upper limb and postaxial lower limb defects consisting of hypoplastic thumbs, and bilateral absence of the 4th and 5th toes.	2
The outcome was fatal in both patients.	2
In animal models, cesium chloride has induced cardiac arrhythmias, including torsade de pointes.	2
Both were managed conservatively.	2
In this article, we present a unique case of a 31-year-old woman with severe autoimmune hepatitis apparently abruptly triggered by vaccination.	2
Therapy-related myelodysplastic syndrome with der(17)t(12;17)(q13;p13) as a new recurrent cytogenetic abnormality after treatment for chronic lymphocytic leukemia.	2
Exposure to mercury vapour produced in operating rooms is the main concern for dentists.	2
The authors describe a 19-year-old girl with a history of recurrent late-onset, febrile cholangitis in whom persistent jaundice developed.	2
Expandable metallic stents have been used effectively to treat multiple nonsurgical esophageal conditions.	2
BK virus-associated nephropathy (BKVN) has become recognized as an important cause of allograft dysfunction in renal transplant recipients and despite reduction in immunosuppression, 30-40% of recipients ultimately progress to allograft loss.	2
Severe methotrexate toxicity occurred in two of these patients.	2
Electron microscopy showed diffuse effacement of the glomerular epithelial foot processes, leading to a diagnosis of minimal change nephrotic syndrome with interstitial nephritis.	2
Minoxidil is a potent antihypertensive agent used in the treatment of resistant hypertension.	2
All four patients had pericardial abnormalities on echocardiography prior to receiving gemcitabine.	2
Report of a case.	2
CONCLUSIONS: The most rational approach to treating NMS entails a hierarchy of interventions determined by the severity and progression of symptoms.	2
RESULTS: The mean age was 44 years (range: 23-67) and no sexual predisposition was noted.	2
This is believed to be the third case of bacteraemia outside of Asia due to C. indologenes and the first in a diabetic child not otherwise immunocompromised.	2
Progressive paraplegia, one of the devastating neurologic complications related to this mode of treatment, has been attributed to spinal cord toxicity.	2
Television set or computer screen is the commonest precipitants.	2
Our case indicates that clearance of PVB19 by IVIG in transplant recipients might be delayed after recovery of anemia.	2
We report two children with HC pneumonitis and pneumatoceles as a reversible complication after ingestion and aspiration of lamp oil with very low viscosity.	2
Its use led to simpler drug regimens, improved compliance and significant reduction in the length, or even need, of admission to hospital.	2
The anticonvulsant hypersensitivity syndrome (AHS) is an idiosyncratic immunologic reaction to certain anticonvulsant medications, in which internal organ involvement may lead to fatal multisystemic failure.	2
A third patient developed a severe pityrias rosea-like eruption.	2
The anaphylactic reaction was managed successfully with corticosteroids, nebulization with beta(2) agonists, and isotonic fluid support.	2
The novel antipsychotics offer great potential for improving compliance.	2
Although the patient recovered from her renal failure (creatinine clearance 43 ml/min), the nephrotic syndrome persisted (13 g protein/day).	2
RESULTS: The study patients were observed up to 4 years, and none of them reported any problems.	2
Equine-derived antivenin was given in 14 cases (range 2-30 vials).	2
A pediatric case study of treprostinil overdose.	2
Radiation-induced bilateral optic neuropathy in cancer of the nasopharynx.	2
Treatment of refractory BK virus-associated nephropathy with cidofovir.	2
Ocular and systemic complications such as eyelid necrosis, central retinal artery occlusion, and adrenal suppression have been reported rarely after corticosteroid injection.	2
At dosages 22.5-30 mg/day (0.45-0.57 mg/kg/day) longstanding non-convulsive status epilepticus was noted in all three patients.	2
Postoperative recovery was complicated by the development on day four of bilateral herpes zoster at the T8 dermatome level.	2
Massive gastrointestinal hemorrhage in an immunosuppressed man due to gastric Kaposi's sarcoma.	2
New strategies must include the development of completely fibrin-specific thrombolytics and drugs that may rapidly reverse the systemic and local clotting disorder.	2
We describe our modified technique for custom-made articulating spacers.	2
One month after changing to fosinopril therapy, the patient reported complete resolution of the cough.	2
The inherited activity of the enzyme thiopurine methyltransferase has been recently recognised as a major factor in the susceptibility to myelosuppression.	2
Methemoglobinemia may occur in a number of drug or chemical ingestions, but a comprehensive review of the literature failed to identify a similar reported case.	2
Common manifestations of toxicity, like confusion and ataxia, are well known.	2
A 52-year-old man with neither congenital heart disease nor history of drug abuse had a spiking fever after dental treatment and was diagnosed with pneumonia at a local clinic.	2
METHODS: Rituximab (1 mg/0.1 ml) was injected in the vitreous of one eye of three Dutch-belted rabbits.	2
However BUN and serum creatinine continued to increase and peaked on the following day at 8.6 mmol/l of urea (24 mg/dl) and 194 mumol/l (2.2 mg/ml), respectively.	2
The patient failed to respond to treatment with a conventional dosage of a lipid formulation of amphotericin B (lifoAmB; 5 mg/kg/day) given alone or in combination with itraconazole, and he responded only to an aggressive strategy that included a very high dosage of lifoAmB (15 mg/kg/day) given in combination with itraconazole as well as a rapid reduction in immunosuppression.	2
No risk factors for rhabdomyolysis were found, but the calcium-dependent potassium efflux, normally responsible for membrane hyperpolarization and muscle refractoriness, was severely decreased in the patient's red blood cells.	2
Appropriate investigations ruled out any organic cause of the fits and clozapine was successfully restarted, together with sodium valproate.	2
Selective arterial catheter angiography showed an acute occlusion of the posterior tibial artery.	2
Vital signs, blood chemistries and a head CT scan were normal.	2
The optimal treatment of IVC thrombosis has not been established to date.	2
During the 12th week of treatment she showed transient thyrotoxicosis.	2
CASE REPORT: A 45-year-old woman had complicated Crohn's disease with multiple fistulae and only 1 m of residual small bowel.	2
So he underwent surgical treatment.	2
In order to develop optimal schedules for exogenous TPO administration it might be important to consider endogenous TPO response characteristics.	2
CONCLUSION: The increasing role of radiotherapy in nasopharyngeal carcinoma treatment, together with improved patient survival, is likely to lead to radiation-induced, secondary, space-occupying lesions being encountered more frequently.	2
We report a case of mixed Aspergillus fumigatus and coagulase-negative Staphylococcus stromal keratitis in a 43-year-old man who developed discomfort and swelling in his right eye 20 days after uneventful bilateral laser in situ keratomileusis (LASIK).	2
A 63-year-old man with rheumatoid arthritis presented with pain and swelling of his right buttock.	2
Alone or in combination with corticosteroids, cyclosporine is an effective drug of choice for the resistant patients.	2
Mycophenolate mofetil (MMF) is an immunosuppressive drug used in renal transplantation, lupus nephritis and pemphigus vulgaris patients.	2
PURPOSE: Differential diagnosis of maculopathies can be difficult but is important if patients also suffer from other diseases such as breast cancer treated with antiestrogens.	2
At autopsy, blood, brain, and other tissue concentrations of fluoxetine and norfluoxetine were several-fold higher than expected based on literature reports for overdose situations.	2
Increasing clinical experience with the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors and tricyclic antidepressants make combination antidepressant therapy at times a reasonable alternative to single-agent therapy in primary care patients with depression.	2
Clinical examination revealed 2 distinct corneal infiltrates beneath the LASIK flap.	2
This was later recognised to be a spurious effect due to the introduction of tolmetin.	2
During the following years, the patient was retested regularly.	2
Pregnancy complicated by endodermal sinus tumor of the ovary is extremely rare.	2
While an elevated incidence of lung cancer has been observed in patients with RA or psoriasis, there has been no report of psoriatic arthritis associated with lung cancer.	2
Diagnosis was suggested by clinical history and radiographic findings, but the bronchoalveolar lavage plays an important role both in excluding infectious agents and in providing information for understanding the pathogenesis of lung injury.	2
A coherent 84-year-old woman with occult CNV both eyes (OU) experienced decreased vision of 20/800 OU.	2
In many cases neutropenic enterocolitis is confined to the cecum, but the entire colon is sometimes involved.	2
CASE SUMMARY: A febrile 36-year-old seaman from Mumbai (Bombay) was prescribed >5 times the usual dose of chloroquine for malaria diagnosed empirically onboard ship.	2
Further interrogation of the patient revealed a history of chronic senna intake to treat a chronic constipation.	2
We report on two cases in which mother-infant PIVKA concentrations were measured at birth after chronic anticonvulsant therapy during pregnancy.	2
A month later this patient developed a fibula osteomyelitis due to the same germs.	2
A 2-year-old boy with type I diabetes mellitus was admitted due to a coma caused by cerebral oedema and was successfully treated for his neurological condition but presented on the tenth day after admission with fever of 40 degrees C, agitation, restlessness, lack of appetite, somnolence and fatigue.	2
Initial treatment including removal of the catheter and antibiotic therapy was unsuccessful and both patients had persistent fever and bacteremia.	2
PURPOSE: Tandem scanning confocal microscopy was performed on two patients with Acanthamoeba keratitis to provide images detailing characteristic findings of the disease.	2
They are usually localized reactions such as ecchymoses, erythematous plaques, and nodules.	2
A 2-month course of sucralfate and cimetidine was used and successfully produced symptomatic relief as well as complete normalization of the dysplastic changes.	2
The infection persisted despite more than 8 weeks of treatment with liposomal amphotericin B.	2
That feature underscores the heterogeneity of the FAD clinical phenotype.	2
Immunoperfusion with staphylococcal protein A is the most effective treatment available and this new technique appears promising.	2
Transrectal ultrasonography of the prostate demonstrated an average decrease in prostatic volume of 58% at 6 months, with the greatest rate of decrease occurring during the 2nd to 5th months of treatment.	2
Donor hearts were transported from distant hospitals (Tokyo and Miyagi prefecture) and the transportation time was 1 h 33 min and 2h 4 min, respectively.	2
On the 6th day of chemotherapy, she was in a drowsy state following generalized tonic clonic seizure lasting 20 minutes.	2
A renal biopsy specimen on hospital day 9 showed tubular damage with minimal glomerular changes consistent with a diagnosis of nonsteroidal agent-induced nephropathy.	2
Useful interventional thrombolytic and anticoagulant therapy for thrombosis due to embolization (TAE) in Budd-Chiari syndrome.	2
In contrast to other reports regarding disseminated M. genavense infection, the patient is still alive and well.	2
In vivo confocal micrographs showed the double-walled structure of the Acanthamoeba cyst and associated radial keratoneuritis (perineuritis).	2
It has a significant adverse effect profile, with 30-45% of patients reporting cardiac adverse effects and 15-20% experiencing noncardiac events.	2
MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The infants were monitored by serial measurements of basal serum cortisol concentrations, responses to the Synacthen stimulation test, measurement of growth and of weight gain, and, in one case, more detailed anthropometric measures of body composition.	2
In this respect, we present two patients with hypertension and dyslipidaemia together with elevated serum uric acid levels.	2
Craniotomy was performed in one of these patients to control the hemorrhage; in the other three, 0.5 to 2 cc of thrombin (5000 U/cc) was slowly injected via the biopsy cannula, resulting in immediate control of bleeding in all three cases.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Clinicians should be aware that removing a serotonin-2a (S-HT2a) antagonist 1mm a treatment regimen including an agent that increases serotonin in the synaptic cleft may worsen clozapine withdrawal or potentially result in serious adverse drug reactions, such as serotonin syndrome.	2
16 patients with cutaneous or subcutaneous melanoma recurrence on an extremity were treated with regional perfusion with Melphalan.	2
The use of therapeutic drugs forms one of the important causes of hiccups.	2
Cerebrospinal fluid examination prior to the last dosage of cytosine arabinoside revealed a mononuclear pleocytosis and increased protein.	2
He underwent five sessions of plasmapheresis.	2
The patient's asthma improved, and he remained asymptomatic; but routine study evaluations 9 to 12 months into therapy showed microhematuria, proteinuria, glucosuria, anemia, and renal insufficiency.	2
She had previously taken simvastatin which is metabolized by CYP3A4, without any sign and symptoms of rhabdomyolysis.	2
Infection of a shunt by Mycobacterium fortuitum: case report.	2
This case illustrates an unusual adverse effect of clonidine.	2
Disseminated Scedosporium/Pseudallescheria infection after double-lung transplantation in patients with cystic fibrosis.	2
Acute myelomonoblastic leukemia in a patient with multiple myeloma.	2
After 3 years of experience with patient reporting, we conclude that patient reporting in spontaneous reporting systems is feasible and that it contributes significantly to a reliable pharmacovigilance.	2
Therefore we recommend the less invasive approach first--urokinase therapy--to be followed by surgical intervention if thrombolysis is unsuccessful.	2
Being in remission with his UC the patient died 14 months later of staphylococcus aureus sepsis despite intense antibiotic treatment.	2
DISCUSSION: It is not uncommon to confuse drug allergy with JHR.	2
Hence, abrupt discontinuation of antimuscarinics or anticholinergics with high antimuscarinic properties in patients receiving long-term acetylcholinesterase inhibition therapy may be associated with a reduction of seizure threshold.	2
Rechallenge resulted in the same drug rash.	2
Treatment was for various tumors at advanced stages, and in some patients, other anticancer drugs previously had been administered.	2
Disseminated fusariosis.	2
Whole blood histamine release studies were negative.	2
To determine the clinical significance of this organism, we reviewed the records of all patients whose blood cultures were positive for E. avium who were seen at our institution from 1986 through 1991 and identified nine cases of bacteremia due to E. avium.	2
The profession must assume responsibility for studies to determine the safety of the methods of application of the hydrogen peroxide, salt and baking soda mixtures and disseminate this information for the public interest.	2
Brain imaging was normal in all.	2
A 59-year-old female was admitted to Tsukuba University Hospital and diagnosed as IgA-lambda multiple myeloma (stage IIIA).	2
Transient high rates of infusion of Intralipid appears to be a factor in the aetiology of the condition.	2
The article concludes with practical recommendations for clinical practice until futher evidence regarding this association is available.	2
Three years later, multinodular goiter began to develop, and 5 years after that, the patient became hypothyroid.	2
METHODS: Report of a case.	2
It has a considerably lower risk of cardiotoxicity than its parent compound, doxorubicin.	2
RESULTS: The patient retained excellent visual acuity and the choroidal hemorrhage resolved completely within two months.	2
These neurological symptoms should be added to a growing list of important complications of DIHS/DRESS because of the high mortality rate associated with them.	2
A euthyroid woman with ophthalmic Graves disease developed endogenous hyperthyroidism coincident with T3 suppression test.	2
Systemic and local factors influence growth of Candida in the stomach.	2
Little information is available concerning the occurrence and outcome of this syndrome after administration of more recent chemotherapeutic agents.	2
Similar peripheral nerve histology was seen in a parallel animal study in which the severity of the neuropathy was dose-related.	2
Recombinant Factor VIIa (FVIIa) can be used to reverse coagulopathy in patients on coumadin who sustain a traumatic injury.	2
Five operations were performed in four patients: a nephrectomy for massive subcapsular hemorrhage with a prothrombin time that exceeded 100 seconds; arteriovenous graft complicated by post-operative bleeding associated with prolongation of the prothrombin time; elective femoral-popliteal bypass complicated by a prolonged prothrombin time, bleeding into the graft site, hypotension, and a subendocardial myocardial infarction; elective cholecystectomy complicated by a two unit bleed associated with a slightly prolonged prothrombin time, followed by elective femoral-popliteal bypass complicated by a fatal intercerebral bleed associated with a more than twice normal prothrombin time.	2
Severe 5-fluorouracil toxicity secondary to dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase deficiency.	2
In our two patients, we investigated NAT2* genotypes by the polymerase chain reaction-restriction fragment length polymorphism method.	2
Both patients experienced problems due to side effects from the anti-MAC regimen and from an immune-reconstitution syndrome related to HAART.	2
We will also discuss other potential mechanisms inducing this disturbance and its differential diagnoses.	2
The mean age of these patients was 16 years (range 4-63), and 90 were aged 15 years or younger.	2
CASE DESCRIPTION: A patient with congenital afibrinogenemia presented with recurrent hemiparesis.	2
Subsequent liver biopsy showed low-grade lobular hepatitis.	2
After commencing oestrogen at physiological replacement doses, the patient experienced a marked deterioration in both the severity and frequency of angioedema attacks.	2
We report the occurrence of a cerebral hemorrhage related to cerebral amyloid angiopathy in a patient who underwent thrombolysis and treatment with heparin for acute myocardial infarction.	2
Six month follow up showed maintained antiparkinsonian benefit, without need for levodopa treatment and complete absence of dyskinesia.	2
CASE SUMMARY: A 41-year-old woman with a history of proliferative glomerulonephritis from systemic lupus erythematosus was admitted with a diagnosis of cryptococcal meningitis.	2
Radiation recall refers to inflammatory reactions triggered by cytotoxic agents and develops in previously irradiated areas.	2
It generally results in painless bleeding or abdominal pain.	2
In this report, two patients with advanced rheumatoid arthritis, who were safely and effectively treated with dapsone after failure with other second-line agents, are described and the literature is reviewed.	2
After taking the first tablet, she developed dyspnea, cough, and wheezing.	2
Treatment of alternating hemiplegia of childhood with aripiprazole.	2
When the thyrotoxicosis recurred, accompanied by a severe psychotic reaction, administration of antithyroid medication was recommenced.	2
The quality of life was assessed in 37 maintenance hemodialysis patients during treatment with recombinant human erythropoietin (r-HuEPO; EPOGEN [epoetin alfa], AMGEN Inc, Thousand Oaks, CA) for correction of anemia.	2
The targeted therapy gefitinib was prescribed 2 years after diagnosis, producing a very good partial response.	2
All patients who died developed disseminated intravascular coagulation, and at postmortem examination were found to have had cerebral haemorrhage.	2
The itch spread to the arms, abdomen and legs and the patient treated himself with clemastine and the itch disappeared.	2
Although RFA is generally well tolerated, recent studies have reported complications associated with RFA.	2
CASE SUMMARY: A 22-year-old male was admitted after a motor vehicle crash.	2
We started the subject screening from over 400 patients with Parkinson's disease using strict selection criteria to identify the patients with nocturia who would allow accurate and efficient evaluation of the pergolide effects.	2
The adverse hematologic effects are usually transitory and pancytopenia is not frequent.	2
Awareness of the condition is therefore of continuing importance.	2
Spontaneous coronary artery dissection is an unusual cause of acute myocardial ischemia.	2
The area healed slowly over 7 weeks, but there was a residual loss of cutaneous sensation.	2
We observed a case of withdrawal after abrupt discontinuation of mianserin.	2
Concentrated topical epinephrine is safe in endoscopic sinus surgery.	2
Thyrotropin-producing pituitary adenoma associated with Graves' disease.	2
On her next anticoagulation clinic visit, the patient's INR had increased, although the dosage of warfarin had been reduced when the tolterodine had been prescribed.	2
METHOD: A 59-year-old, right-handed man of Caribbean-Hispanic descent underwent brain imaging studies, laboratory tests for AD, and serial neurologic and neuropsychologic evaluations.	2
In previous reports, three of four patients with TSHoma displayed Graves' disease after tumor resection, and TSH is also known to play a major role in regulating immunomodulatory gene expression in thyrocytes.	2
We concluded that the brief quiescent phase (second biopsy specimen) was characterized by retention of immunoglobulin to produce Russell bodies, and that the active phases of the disease were marked by migration of mast cells into the epithelium and by the presence of eosinophils and basophils in the substantia propria.	2
We describe the case of a patient with a clinically silent left-sided nasofrontal dermoid cyst who, while being treated with hCG/LH for hypogonadotropic hypogonadism, presented with simple partial seizures, ipsilateral to the cyst, with secondary generalization.	2
A 10-year-old girl was diagnosed with astrocytoma grade 2.	2
Thus, in many cases, the possible benefit of thrombolysis during CPR seems to outweigh the potential risks.	2
Successful use of Shakuyaku-kanzo-to, a traditional herbal medicine, for intractable symptoms of thoracic outlet syndrome: a case report.	2
The safety profile of this treatment in critically ill patients has not been fully evaluated.	2
Complications of encephalitis of unknown origin were successfully treated with steroid therapy and the patient has been in CR for 16 months after BMT.	2
Our present study demonstrates the utility of monitoring auditory function at frequencies higher than conventionally tested in patients receiving cis-platinum.	2
Two of the patients who had acute renal failure while receiving ACE-inhibitor therapy experienced a recurrence when rechallenged with such therapy.	2
We report a patient who presented with a left proximal deep vein thrombosis at 25 + 5 weeks gestation.	2
Iatrogenic epidural spinal abscess.	2
Right subhepatic abscess after cesarean section.	2
In the three index patients, the QTc failed to shorten with left stellate ganglion blockade, beta-blocker challenge, or stress testing, suggesting an acquired form of the long QT syndrome in these patients with HIV disease.	2
Soon after the third weekly session of the second protocol, the clinical status of the animal deteriorated suddenly and severely, with a bleeding tendency, jaundice, hyperuricaemia, hyperphosphataemia, azotaemia, hyperbilirubinaemia and, presumptive disseminated intravascular coagulation.	2
Following this occurrence of respiratory depression nebulised morphine was discontinued and no further events occurred.	2
The most-common ocular symptom is colored rings around lights.	2
Further investigation is needed to determine the scope of this troubling side effect.	2
We describe a patient with acute lymphocytic leukemia (ALL) who developed visceral varicella-zoster virus (VZV) infection following cord blood stem cell transplantation (CBSCT) and was successfully treated with intravenous acyclovir (ACV).	2
The topographic distribution of these changes was typical of WE.	2
One 13-year-old boy with life-threatening systemic disease experienced a partial remission of disease and tolerated a decrease in prednisone dose from 15 to 4 mg daily following 14 exchanges with FFP.	2
The patient was treated with full mouth gingivectomy and 2-week recall visits for a period of 2 months consisting of oral physiotherapy instructions, scaling, and topical fluoride application.	2
Digoxin is a cardiac glycoside used to treat cardiac arrhythmias and heart failure.	2
He experienced a severe skin reaction diagnosed as toxic epidermal necrolysis.	2
A 73-year-old man with two previous mitral valve replacements presented with prosthetic valve infective endocarditis.	2
This can potentially complicate further intervention should restenosis occur.	2
Clinicians should consider early diagnostic amniocentesis in patients in preterm labor with a history of prior amniocentesis, and the routine Gram stain and culture of amniotic fluid.	2
Spontaneous regression of the lesions was noted after discontinuation of the treatment.	2
Oral pilocarpine tablets, as well as another muscarinic agent (cevimeline), have recently been approved for the treatment of dry mouth (xerostomia).	2
To the best of our knowledge, this is the first case report of pelvic dyskinesia with good evolution and control of dyskinesias after treatment with tetrabenazine.	2
The patient was admitted to the hospital for exacerbation of heart failure.	2
Nocardial brain abscess in a renal transplant recipient successfully treated with triple antimicrobials.	2
Liver abscess in patients with a VP shunt should be considered a possible abdominal complication of the VP shunt, and may be caused by unusual pathogens.	2
Nocardia is a serious opportunistic infection in renal transplant recipients and nocardial brain abscess in these patients has a high mortality.	2
Fulminant autoimmune hepatitis after successful interferon treatment in an HIV-HCV co-infected patient.	2
Abnormalities resolve with drug withdrawal.	2
The next morning the woman was improved and informed clinicians of her desmopressin use.	2
Ideally, the ostium is treated by positioning the stent with a slight degree of overhang in the aorta to ensure coverage of the aorto-ostial junction.	2
Patients reported dramatic reduction in itching after cyproheptadine.	2
Simultaneously, systemic dexamethasone and calcium folinic acid were given.	2
At final follow-up, the patient complained of a grade 4/5 hemiparesis, facial nerve palsy, and hearing loss in his left ear.	2
The uneventful recovery seen in these patients shows the advances made in transplant medicine, including the progress and improvement of immunosuppressive therapy, surgical techniques, myocardial protection, and detection and treatment of infection.	2
Presence of hypertriglyceridemia, very high serum levels of ferritin and hemophagocytosis in a bone-marrow aspirate gave the diagnosis of HLH.	2
The patient was discharged after 110 days.	2
The persistent effects of methotrimeprazine meleate on various organs are typical of the prolonged biological action of the phenothiazine metabolites.	2
The diagnosis was confirmed by immunofluorescent studies.	2
Conservative lithium administration is recommended for acute manic psychosis and reference is made to the beneficial effects of urea and aminophylline on renal lithium elimination in the active treatment of lithium poisoning.	2
Suicidal digoxin poisoning: conventional treatment and antibody therapy.	2
This organism has rapidly spread through many countries.	2
Bone Marrow Transplantation (2000) 25, 213-215.	2
Disseminated superficial porokeratosis and immunosuppression.	2
We discuss the association of immune suppression and melanoma.	2
The predominant feature was the abnormally increased formation of both 3 mono- and 4 double unsaturated metabolites of VPA amounting in plasma to 58%-71% of the sum of VPA plus all analyzed metabolites (controls maximal 15%) and in urine to 34%-61% (controls maximal 10%).	2
PTH was significantly higher in these patients than in 150 normal subjects.	2
Despite close monitoring of therapy, he experienced two episodes of unexpected and prolonged hypercalcemia.	2
Immunohistochemistry confirmed some pigment-containing cells to be macrophages.	2
After stopping isoniazid, his breast swelling subsided to some extent and became non-tender.	2
Furthermore, therapy with dantrolene has been demonstrated to be beneficial in the treatment of MH associated with diabetic coma.	2
Infected graft transplantation is an unwelcome complication that may lead to serious consequences in the immunosuppressed host.	2
CONCLUSION: Despite adequate measures to prevent infection, orbital cellulitis may complicate strabismus surgery.	2
Descemet folds and an atypically large amount of stromal edema were present in both cases, and there appeared to be possible endothelial dysfunction as well.	2
Massive pulmonary thromboembolism resulted in circulatory collapse.	2
An individualized approach must consider local resources, the patient's age and prognosis, type of immunosuppression, opinions of patient and family regarding invasive measures and heroic support, and previous patterns of infection in the institution.	2
A magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scan showed a large mass arising from the posterolateral aspect that was 90% extracranial and 10% intracranial on the right side of the skull.	2
The patient was diagnosed with bilateral acute angle glaucoma, and despite aggressive medical and surgical intervention, the patient did not have her vision restored to normal.	2
This case report presents a typical case of Sturge Weber Syndrome.	2
In this article the possibility of using the Minirin (desmopressin) in maxillofacial surgery in person with hemostatic disorders has been described.	2
An organic mental syndrome developed in a patient soon after he underwent repair of a dissecting thoracic aortic aneurysm.	2
While this report is anecdotal, any new drug warrants intense monitoring for unexpected toxicities in the post-marketing period.	2
Although it is generally well tolerated, 30 to 45% of patients may experience adverse cardiac effects.	2
No relapse of endocarditis was observed after 12 months of follow-up.	2
Thus, if further studies confirm these effects, telmisartan may be the anti-hypertensive drug of first choice in HIV-infected subjects on combined antiretroviral therapy affected with diabetes and metabolic disorders.	2
She underwent emergent surgical valve replacement.	2
Sirolimus has been widely used in renal transplantation, and its use in heart transplantation is increasing.	2
He recovered and could be discharged home after 36 days of hospitalization with normal blood counts and without severe sequelae.	2
A regimen of topical INF alpha 2-beta 4 times daily was administered.	2
Endoscopic examination demonstrated severe erosive gastritis and duodenitis, and histological examination of the antral tissue showed severe atypia and histological appearances suggestive of in situ carcinoma.	2
OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study is to describe the efficacy and safety of risperidone, in the treatment of delusions of infestation.	2
Onychomycosis. New therapies for an old disease.	2
During the final episode, open lung biopsy was performed and demonstrated typical changes of drug-induced pneumonitis, with interstitial infiltrates and fibrosis and proliferation of type II alveolar lining cells.	2
Chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection is associated with several extrahepatic syndromes.	2
Urethral syndrome patients have irritative bladder symptoms in the absence of any objective urological findings.	2
Resolution occurred in spite of continuous tocolytic therapy, which was stopped at 35 weeks.	2
RESULTS: The patient had fungal endophthalmitis, with O. sulphureo-ochraceum present in the lens capsule.	2
CASE SUMMARY: A 61-year-old white male patient (weight, 90 kg) was diagnosed with CML in March 2006 at the Division of Hematology, University of Rome "Tor Vergata," Rome, Italy.	2
All seven patients who were given an oral formulation of cyclosporine tolerated it well after a reaction to the intravenous infusion.	2
Damage was related to both daily dose and duration of therapy and was occurring at a greater rate than its repair.	2
A positive dechallenge was reported in 29 cases.	2
Tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha) inhibitors, such as infliximab, decrease the body's inflammatory response and thus the body's reaction to infection.	2
The long-term effect on corneal endothelium has to be studied further.	2
During application, the patient complained of burning sensation of vagina and vulva.	2
Haemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis (HLH) is an uncommon disease with a high fatality rate.	2
Therefore we had suggested that introducing tacrolimus could be a therapeutic option.	2
Granulomatous reactions to permanent cosmetic tattoos successfully treated with topical steroids and allopurinol.	2
Radiation recall with oxaliplatin: report of a case and a review of the literature.	2
The leukemic blasts were examined by morphological, immunohistochemical, cytogenetic, and molecular genetic analyses.	2
However, all Brown Norway rats that received estradiol treatment developed pyometra, whereas none the Sprague Dawley or control Brown Norway rats did.	2
We report three cases of ophthalmic problems that were treated with a short course of oral corticosteroids and which resulted in the development of hyperosmolar hyperglycemic nonketotic coma.	2
After phakoemulsification, visual acuity improved to 20/50.	2
Hematologic evaluation disclosed pancytopenia: red blood cells 283 x 10(4)/mm3; white blood cells 700/mm3; and platelets 8000/mm3.	2
The authors describe a 6-year-old boy who developed pulmonary tuberculosis during intensive chemotherapy for acute myeloblastic leukemia (AML).	2
Death from chemotherapy in gestational trophoblastic disease.	2
The patient remained constantly HIV negative during 14 months of follow-up.	2
This report describes the management of repetitive paroxysms of supraventricular tachyarrhythmias triggered by catheter manipulation during interventional procedures in two children.	2
Infection by human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) may affect joints in different ways.	2
Charcoal hemoperfusion led to rapid clearing of dapsone from the circulation.	2
Managing ergot-induced gangrene: the anesthesiologist as a key player.	2
We suggest that the treatment of hypoglycaemia with 50% solution of dextrose is associated with a significant risk factor in those diabetic individuals who are either allergic or are receiving beta-adrenoreceptor blocking drugs.	2
Fibrin sheath formation and chemotherapy extravasation: a case report.	2
The rate and length of administration, as well as the dose, should be carefully monitored to avoid these complications.	2
rEpo was administered by i.v. injection three times a week for at least four weeks.	2
The thrill of reckless driving in patients with Parkinson's disease: an additional behavioural phenomenon in dopamine dysregulation syndrome?	2
Two cases of therapeutic failure associated with levothyroxine brand interchange.	2
Cancer patients who are receiving 5-FU treatment and are DPD deficient can develop severe side effects.	2
We believe this to be a previously unreported complication.	2
The exceeding of the solubility product of Ca(2+) and PO(4) (-) results in the precipitation of calcium phosphates.	2
In patients with metastatic disease who had high levels of gastrin, SMS treatment for 5 to 24 months did not inhibit tumor growth or decrease gastrin levels.	2
The anesthetic area conformed to the distribution of a specific nerve, the transverse cervical cutaneous nerve.	2
Percutaneous or transvaginal ultrasound-guided direct thrombin injection is a simple procedure that does not require any sophisticated surgical or radiological equipment.	2
RESULTS: Acanthamoeba keratitis was diagnosed in six eyes with a previous misdiagnosis of Herpes simplex keratitis in two patients and a misdiagnosis of corneal graft rejection in the third patient.	2
Analysis of a urine sample was 2+ positive for hemoglobin.	2
Indicators suggesting review by appropriate medical personnel for possible clonazepam behavioral side effects are provided.	2
There were 5 outpatients who suffered chronic pain for at least 3 months.	2
Pulmonary toxicity is believed to be uncommon.	2
Bronchial anthracostenosis with mediastinal fibrosis associated with long-term wood-smoke exposure.	2
Desensitization was started at 1mg daily, and then the dose was doubled every week.	2
One month later the patient remained symptom-free.	2
Hyperinfection, an augmentation of the normal skin-lung-intestine life cycle, occurs in roughly two-thirds of infected transplant recipients, with dissemination in the remainder.	2
Pseudomonas corneal ulcer after use of extended-wear rigid gas-permeable contact lens.	2
Two children with leukemia developed PTE, the first during the relapse for acute lymphoblastic leukemia and the second at the onset of acute promyelocytic leukemia.	2
Alopecia areata universalis after phenobarbital-induced anti-convulsant hypersensitivity syndrome.	2
The calculated index (posterior tibial/arm pressure) increased from a mean of 0.22 to 0.74 during the eight-month period following discontinuance of methysergide therapy with no recurrence of migraine headaches.	2
It is concluded that cyclophosphamide and thiotepa in obese patients should not be dosed on the basis of BSA incorporating TBW since the patient will be overexposed.	2
Nocardial brain abscess is a rare but severe complication in patients with malignancy.	2
A 600-mg loading dose appears to shorten the time to achieve an adequate antiplatelet effect to about two hours.	2
Therefore, beta-adrenergic agents should be used with great care, especially for patients with myotonic dystrophy, because of these agents' tendency to aggravate or precipitate myotonia and to induce rhabdomyolysis.	2
A 42-year-old male underwent a total hip arthroplasty under subarachnoid anaesthesia with intrathecal bupivacaine and diamorphine.	2
Full recovery to pre-episode status of a quiet eye with clear vitreous was seen in all patients.	2
Although identifying the cause of contamination is most often viewed in the context of recipient safety, this case illustrates the importance of a thorough evaluation on donor safety.	2
A proliferation test and an evaluation of TNF-alpha and interleukin (IL)-6 production from PBMC in presence of insulin were studied.	2
White, flocculent material was observed in the anterior chamber and 24 hours later this settled on the iris surface.	2
Although molecular mechanisms have not been fully elucidated, Epstein-Barr virus appears to play a significant role in its etiopathogenesis.	2
Graft-versus-host disease was seen only in 41% of the bone marrow recipients.	2
Total abdominal hysterectomy with bilateral salpingo-oophorectomy was performed.	2
The authors discuss the potential synergistic effects of these drugs and recommend treatment with propranolol.	2
This therapeutic regimen, coupled with further intervention, allowed resolution of the thrombotic complication without bleeding.	2
It has been reported that these atrophic areas remain unchanged and localized lipoatrophy may be preceded by a subcutaneous panniculitis.	2
We report here a 34-year-old woman with complicated severe opportunistic pulmonary infection, who was treated with the newly developed antibiotics quinupristin/dalfopristin (QPR/DPR) and voriconazole.	2
BACKGROUND: Vicks VapoRub (VVR) [Proctor and Gamble; Cincinnati, OH] is often used to relieve symptoms of chest congestion.	2
CONCLUSION: Infectious retinochoroiditis is a potentially blinding complication seen after cardiac transplantation, justifying close clinical and serological surveillance or, in certain cases such as mismatched donors, anti-parasitic prophylaxis.	2
In addition, his overall medical status worsened, as he developed concurrent acute renal failure and became more confused and lethargic.	2
Since the introduction of tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) antagonists, various microbiologic agents have been reported to cause pneumonia following their administration.	2
This case illustrates the importance of screening for parasitic infections before transplantation in the appropriate clinical setting, and demonstrates the utility of direct diagnostic evaluation for parasitic infections in at-risk post-transplant patients with unexplained illnesses.	2
CONCLUSION: Pancreatic enzyme intolerance, although rare, would be a major problem in the management of patients with CF.	2
METHODS: Two patients underwent highly selective CDT after delayed presentation (>5 days) of flap compromise.	2
Diagnosis was established by microscopic examination (Gram and Kinyoun) and culture of centrifuged dialysis fluid and the patient was treated with Trimethoprim-Sulfamethoxazole by intraperitoneal route.	2
In each case, brief periods (5 to 20 seconds) of rapid atrial pacing were effective in terminating the supraventricular tachycardia and resulted in a return to normal sinus rhythm.	2
Treatment included drug discontinuation, steroids, fresh frozen plasma, hemodialysis, absorption chromatography, plasmapheresis, and various combinations thereof.	2
Two children, one with renal manifestations of systemic lupus erythematosus and the other with idiopathic nephrotic syndrome, were treated with methylprednisolone pulses.	2
Similar to antiarrhythmic drugs aggravating particular arrhythmias, antiepileptic drugs can paradoxically induce new seizure types or exacerbate existing ones.	2
We followed bone marrow morphology in a 2-year-old male with HS who received up to 8 micrograms/kg GM-CSF per day because of failure of allogeneic bone marrow engraftment.	2
Encephalopathy and death may occur.	2
Because most infections are late complications and have indolent onsets, a high level of clinical suspicion is required for early diagnosis.	2
To our knowledge, this case report represents only the third description of laxative-induced TEN.	2
Stage 4 diffuse lamellar keratitis after laser in situ keratomileusis Clinical, topographical, and pachymetry resolution 5 years later.	2
They achieved a complete remission confirmed by light microscopy, but reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction remained positive after ATRA, underlining the need of further chemotherapy.	2
Subsequent investigation revealed that the factory produces phenylpropanolamine and that both patients, shortly before becoming ill, were inadvertently exposed to methyl nitrite, a critical reagent in this production.	2
In addition, the possible association between these features and long-term IGF-I treatment is discussed.	2
She gradually recovered from these symptoms during subsequent 7 days.	2
CASE SUMMARY: A 75-year-old man developed agitation, confusion, incoordination, and gait disturbance because of progressive rigidity.	2
Report of a case.	2
A 66-year-old man with four indwelling ventriculoperitoneal shunts for multiloculated hydrocephalus from a complicated case of meningitis a year before developed shunt infection based on a syndrome of fever, drowsiness, and cerebrospinal fluid neutrophil pleocytosis in the background of repeated surgical manipulation to relieve successive shunt blockages.	2
Finally, the patient had improvement in symptoms and oxygenation after withdrawing lenalidomide and recurrence of symptoms when the drug was restarted.	2
One not so well documented consequence of this treatment is avascular necrosis or osteonecrosis of the underlying bone.	2
Just over 1 year following completion of his treatment, falling platelet and white cell counts were associated with the development of dysplastic features in his bone marrow and a rising blast cell count, culminating in the development of acute myeloid leukemia (AML).	2
A drug lymphocyte stimulation test for salazoslufapyridine was positive, but the patch test was negative.	2
Somatostatin analogues are potent inhibitors of growth hormone (GH) and glucagon secretion.	2
Nevertheless, osteonecrosis of the jaw (ONJ) has been reported in some patients being treated with bisphosphonates.	2
They were studied clinically and with a representative range of in vitro and in vivo tests of immune function.	2
Subsequently, he developed symptoms typical of GHD and, after biochemical confirmation, GH replacement was commenced.	2
Review of the literature showed similar occurrences in other patients.	2
His medical history included ischemic cardiomyopathy, pacemaker placement, ESRD, carotid artery disease, and type 2 diabetes mellitus.	2
CONCLUSION: This rare therapy-related second malignancy developed after curative larynx-preserving treatment.	2
A causal relationship between high doses of thyroid hormone and the presumptive impairment of endogenous TRH reserve is suggested.	2
Unfortunately, the patient died from adult respiratory distress syndrome.	2
Their plasma cell dyscrasias were evaluated with immunofixation electrophoresis of serum and urine specimens, quantitative serum lgs, and immunohistochemical staining of bone marrow biopsy specimens.	2
Her symptoms improved markedly, and follow-up arteriography 6 weeks later demonstrated resolution of the iliac dissections along with restoration of nearly normal lower extremity runoff vessels.	2
Laboratory investigations confirmed a metabolic acidosis (pH 7.15) and hyperchloremia.	2
There is direct and indirect evidence for various immunologic and nonimmunologic pathways precipitating the reaction.	2
Total body computed tomography scan did not reveal any mucosal or visceral lesion.	2
Maintaining a high index of suspicion with early recognition and aggressive therapy may decrease the morbidity and mortality of this devastating and life-threatening infection in the compromised host.	2
Numerous studies suggest that ganciclovir has clinical efficacy against cytomegalovirus disease, as well as an in vivo antiviral effect, and that this agent reduces morbidity of serious cytomegalovirus infections in immunocompromised patients.	2
We know of no other reported cases of spontaneous muscle necrosis in association with diabetes insipidus and feel that there should be increased awareness of the association between the two.	2
The patient was successfully treated with prednisone 1 mg/kg/day for 2 weeks.	2
Laboratory studies revealed a white blood cell count of 4900 mm(-3) with 67% neutrophils and 27% lymphocytes.	2
The endoscopic and histological features were consistent with the diagnosis of ischaemic colitis.	2
Leuconostoc bacteremia after liver transplantation: another cause of vancomycin resistant gram-positive infection.	2
The first patient developed a histologically documented acute hepatitis and recovered after 3 weeks.	2
The patient's hemoglobin decreased from 12.7 to 8.5 g/dL and he received a 3-unit blood transfusion.	2
A patient taking excessive amounts of an ergot alkaloid for the treatment of migraine headaches developed cool, painful, swollen lower extremities with intermittent claudication and sensory changes.	2
When prescribing mannitol to decrease intraocular pressure, the physician must be alert to potential complications.	2
Exceptionally long absence status: multifactorial etiology, drug interactions and complications.	2
Multifocal ERG showed abnormalities that sometimes correlated with the visual field appearance and confirmed that the deficit occurs at the retinal level.	2
One case of ameobic abscess of the liver and one case of amoebic dysentery are described in two patients who were prescribed corticosteroids as part of the intreatment for tuberculous pleural effusion.	2
He became febrile and developed a productive cough and pulmonary infiltrates on postoperative day 4.	2
In the hospital, she continued to receive TPN without MVI, but continued taking an oral multivitamin preparation.	2
Both patients subsequently developed markedly elevated EBV-DNA titers in association with monoclonal, light chain-restricted B cell populations in the blood.	2
Although it is generally well tolerated, liver toxicity has been recognised as a complication of long-term use.	2
Abdominal wall metastases from ovarian cancer after laparoscopy.	2
No clinical side-effects or evidence of systemic activation of coagulation occurred during the treatment.	2
Measurement of serum digoxin concentrations (SDCs) is used routinely in the diagnosis of digoxin toxicity.	2
After 14 days of therapy, he was taken to the emergency department with a 3-day history of fever, headache, and neck pain.	2
Percutaneous radiofrequency thermal ablation (RFA) is considered an effective technique for providing local control in the majority of Hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) patients.	2
Recurrent Listeria monocytogenes bacteraemia in a liver transplant patient.	2
Infections are common comorbid conditions in hospitalized patients, including those receiving electroconvulsive therapy (ECT).	2
Seizure control was not reestablished.	2
However, delayed presentation of flap compromise is an ominous predictor of flap loss.	2
Rifampin-impregnated silicone catheters: a potential tool for prevention and treatment of CSF shunt infections.	2
A few cases of severe skin reactions such as toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported.	2
A patient receiving long-term corticosteroid therapy for asthma had two episodes of Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia (PCP) 8 years apart.	2
A patient was admitted to the intensive care unit because of respiratory failure, and warfarin therapy was started at 2 mg/day for the treatment of pulmonary embolism, together with other medications.	2
Laboratory work-up was unrevealing.	2
CONCLUSION: Risperidone was an effective and safe treatment in three cases of delusions of infestation.	2
On December 24, serum CK was 839 IU/L and myoglobin was 91 U/L and the patient was discharged.	2
Diffuse lamellar keratitis after corneal crosslinking in a patient with post-laser in situ keratomileusis corneal ectasia.	2
The lesions resolved completely approximately 30 min after removal of the hands from water.	2
Positive cytology must be conclusive since, as in this case, no viable carcinoma may be present after therapy.	2
Drug provocation test is still a gold standard to establish the diagnosis of hypersensitivity to certain drugs or agents.	2
Analyzing the cardiac time intervals during pregnancy can improve perinatal outcome.	2
Eight cases of pellagra, diagnosed on the grounds of neuropathological findings and retrospective study of clinical data, were found among 106 necropsy cases of tuberculosis.	2
Rat islets of Langerhans exposed to mefloquine in vitro (10(-8) mol/l to 10(-3) mol/l) secreted significantly more insulin than control islets (up to 980 +/- 180 microU/ml/5 islets incubated with mefloquine 10(-3) mol/l, vs 20 +/- 4 microU/ml/5 untreated islets).	2
Progressive improvement was also seen in all the parameters on Pentacam scans, including the pachymetry, keratometry readings, and elevation on the anterior float.	2
Methylphenidate hydrochloride (Ritalin) is the drug of choice for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).	2
[2] Anesthetized and intubated ferrets inhaled a placebo or VVR that was placed at the proximal end of the endotracheal tube.	2
Unfortunately, while there are numerous observational reports in the literature, there is not a lot of information concerning the safety and efficacy of particular treatments or the nontreatment of bipolar disorder during pregnancy.	2
Education of employees and physicians should result in the prevention of unnecessary tissue destruction and pain for those inadvertently exposed to hydrofluoric acid.	2
Peak serum concentrations exceeded 4 mcg/ml.	2
We report a series of 16 cases of methanol poisoning admitted to our Intensive Care Unit between December 2003 and April 2004.	2
CONCLUSION: Progressive outer retinal necrosis is not limited to the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome but may occur in patients immunocompromised because of other conditions.	2
Respiratory insufficiency was further worsened by Proteus mirabilis infection and severe bronchoconstriction.	2
Number twenty-one.	2
Resolution of the interface inflammation did not occur until intraocular pressure was controlled.	2
The effects of these drugs on the dentition such as tooth decay and erosion have been a subject of debate among dental practitioners.	2
Therapy with phenytoin, phenobarbital, valproic acid, and methylphenidate was unsuccessful.	2
SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Our case observations attempted to evaluate nine alcoholics after withdrawal suffering from persisting craving, sleep disorder, excitement, depressive symptoms or anxiety symptoms.	2
The recognition, differential diagnosis, and management of this syndrome in children are discussed.	2
The authors report a case of a 12-year-old girl who had rare self induced photosensitive epilepsy.	2
This incidence was significantly lower (P less than 0.01) than that for 3CPs (four of 10 patients) or that for TMA (six of 17 patients).	2
Drug rash with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms (DRESS), also known as drug-induced hypersensitivity syndrome (DIHS), is a severe adverse drug reaction affecting multiple organs caused by drug treatment.	2
In five of seven cases, there was a significant visual deterioration following the RPE tear.	2
All 4 patients survived and left the hospital on postoperative days 10, 11, 11, and 82, respectively.	2
We report here the case of a 36-year-old man with pre-B cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia.	2
Asthmatic patients receiving antileukotrienes may develop hypereosinophilia as a part of a Churg-Strauss syndrome.	2
(ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT00126724.)	2
At the onset of the ST elevation, all patients were receiving dopamine infusion, which in four of them was inadvertently increased shortly before the ECG changes, the ST elevation was not associated with chest pain, pericardial friction rub, or acute changes in the heart rate, or arterial blood pressure.	2
Mechanisms, including 5-HT2A and 5-HT2C antagonism, serotonergic regulation of dopamine systems and putative dopaminergic subtypes of OCS and OCD, are discussed.	2
The affected interlobular artery included concentric intimal thickening and thrombosis in the lumen.	2
A purulent exudate was aspirated from the abscesses under computed tomographic guidance.	2
We report the results of three cases of limited-stage SCEC treated with combination therapy using carboplatin (CBDCA) and etoposide (VP-16) and radiotherapy.	2
Catheterization revealed 90% midstenosis of the left anterior descending artery, which was successfully treated with percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty (PTCA) and stent placement.	2
Abemayor).	2
Anasarca eventually subsided within 4 weeks with the use of a diuretic agent.	2
This case report shows an unusual complication of mandibular second premolar root canal overfilling.	2
Spinal epidural lipomatosis (SEDL), an abnormal localized or tumor-like accumulation of fat in the epidural space, is an infrequent complication of chronic steroid usage and an uncommon cause of spinal cord compression.	2
However, the history of prolonged veiling of the face by a cloth by the patient, perhaps contributing to the occurrence of lesions on face, is a point of dubious significance.	2
BACKGROUND: Previous studies indicate that photodynamic therapy provides effective relief from biliary obstruction in advanced cholangiocarcinoma.	2
CASE REPORT: Forty years oriented old male, opium addict, was admitted to the ICU, with headache, nausea and abdominal pain, and weakness in his lower and upper extremities without definitive diagnosis.	2
A short course of treatment with topical aluminum chloride resulted in a remarkable response in 1 week.	2
In this series, risk of osteonecrosis could not be attributed to corticosteroid use, parenteral nutrition or both forms of therapy administered together.	2
Treatment of a patient with severe digitoxin intoxication by Fab fragments of anti-digitalis antibodies.	2
Cerebrospinal fluid analysis was consistent with syphilitic meningitis.	2
Patient had seizures and developed failure.	2
Pregnancy-induced hypertension laboratory values were normal, and relief of the postdural headache and visual disturbances was obtained after placement of an epidural blood patch.	2
This case describes the complications and successful treatment of high-dose intrathecal morphine overdose.	2
Gelatinous transformation of the marrow (GTBM) has been associated with various conditions.	2
A primary irritant dermatitis occurred in about one half of the patients and telangiectasia in two.	2
Post-radiation sarcomas following treatment of central nervous system malignancies is discussed.	2
Case Report: We report a case of methanol poisoning exhibiting complete recovery from severe visual impairment following treatment with ethanol, fomepizole, and hemodialysis.	2
Previous studies showed that clevudine has potent and sustained antiviral activity without causing viral resistance.	2
A rapidly progressive, fatal recrudescence of pulmonary Kaposi sarcoma developed in an HIV-infected man who was receiving corticosteroids for treatment of an immune reconstitution syndrome secondary to Mycobacterium avium complex pulmonary infection.	2
In one patient there was resolution of symptoms following cessation of ketamine, but some symptoms persisted until death in the other two.	2
As a result of the advances in acute rheumatology and improved emergency services, an increasing number of patients survive episodes of severe disease and complications of immunosuppressive therapy.	2
No regional side effects were noted.	2
Most often the myeloblastic form of acute leukemia was diagnosed.	2
Some patients received antilymphocyte globulin (OKT3), when acute rejection was imminent.	2
The diagnosis of sepsis and submandibular phlegmon was confirmed by a positive blood culture for serotype III group B Streptococcus agalactiae.	2
HIV1 and HIV2 serology was negative.	2
A 4 year old boy with acute lymphoblastic leukaemia developed a pure red cell aplasia 13 months after entering remission and while on maintenance chemotherapy.	2
Reasonable precautions (regular but briefer and less vigorous brushing of her teeth) combined with a moderate dose of carbamazepine effectively prevented seizure recurrence.	2
Female renal allograft recipients who develop CMV infection during pregnancy are at risk for both graft dysfunction and fetal morbidity.	2
Growth hormone deficiency (GHD) related to standard dose chemotherapy has rarely been described.	2
A table of all the cases reported in the literature is compiled.	2
Deaths occurring during clinical studies of topical minoxidil.	2
By a combination of appropriate selection of medications and an awareness of delirium as a side effect, the patient in the ICU may be treated in a manner to minimize the clouding of consciousness.	2
Polymyositis, however, has never been reported immediately after treatment for active hyperthyroidism.	2
The clinical features and cytogenetic changes of acute myeloid leukemia (AML) developing 10 years after radiotherapy and chemotherapy (for osteosarcoma) are described.	2
They should be recognized as a possible side effect of GBP treatment in adults.	2
Elevation of muscle enzymes and electromyography were compatible with myopathy.	2
In addition, 13 other adults treated for chronic myeloid leukemia with various doses of CCNU were reviewed.	2
This is a clinical presentation of a 14-year-old female who had weight loss and vomiting following spinal fusion surgery.	2
This parasite lives in soil contaminated with human feces.	2
Only mild pericellular fibrosis was present in the liver biopsy specimen obtained shortly after abstinence, but after 5 years the second liver biopsy showed that thin septum-like fibrosis that formed portal-to-portal and portal-to-central linkage had developed and ground-glass hepatocytes had emerged extensively.	2
This suggests that monitoring of this drug in children with acute lymphoblastic leukemia may be helpful.	2
Intravenous cimetidine administered q8h offers a safe and cost-effective approach to H2-receptor blockade and reduction of gastric acid secretion in patients who are temporarily unable to take oral medication.	2
Integrating drug history, clinical morphology, clinical distribution, and histopathology can aid in the differentiation.	2
Considerable improvement of myasthenic symptoms was seen in all patients within 3-6 months after the initiation of this therapy.	2
Risk factors include previous episodes, dehydration, agitation, polypharmacy, and the rate and route of neuroleptic administration.	2
The authors report the case of a 32-year-old man who had been treated for anxiety and obsessive-compulsive disorder and had received 800 mg methylphenobarbital (MPB).	2
Adhesions to manufacturer's trademark on the surface of a posterior chamber lens.	2
However, the characteristic ultrasound appearance of both pathologies facilitates determination of the final diagnosis and further treatment.	2
Corynebacterium striatum: a diphtheroid with pathogenic potential.	2
These microorganisms are recognized as the cause of devastating soft tissue infections, such as cellulitis, myositis, and gas gangrene.	2
In light of the widespread use of bleomycin, this complication may be under-appreciated.	2
She was transferred to our hospital after she developed pancytopenia, fever, and ileus.	2
Finally, the most promising PD drugs that are currently in development will be reviewed.	2
Laryngeal necrosis after combined chemotherapy and radiation therapy.	2
The cerebral venous sinus thrombosis, involving cerebral veins, superior sagittal sinus and straight sinus, was diagnosed by cerebral angiography.	2
The results of a histopathological examination of the renal biopsy specimen were unremarkable.	2
For one patient, the half-saturation constant was elevated 0.7 log units, suggesting reduction of retinal sensitivity, perhaps from decrease in retinal photopigment concentration.	2
The time delay by which symptoms of pancreatitis presented following administration of loop diuretics suggests an immunologic pathway.	2
The cases include only those whose sexual behavior on treatment became a concern to the patient's family or a social agency.	2
The former consisted of massive biventricular hypertrophy with chamber obliteration.	2
He developed pneumonitis, pleural and pericardial effusions, and a predominantly proximal motor neuropathy.	2
Body temperature was reduced to 26 degrees C and rhabdomyolysis due to hypothermia was observed.	2
The isolated organism was Acanthamoeba.	2
Normal plasma levels of these drugs were found 2 to 3 days after the last cisplatin dose.	2
In the two years following treatment there has been no recurrence while oral corticosteroid treatment has been continued.	2
METHODS: We report the case of a 20-year-old male patient with septo-optic dysplasia, fixed cranial diabetes insipidus (DI) and an abnormal thirst threshold.	2
Rickets in low birth weight infants receiving total parenteral nutrition.	2
He was referred to the psychiatry service where he was treated with olanzapine.	2
Erosion of an intraperitoneal chemotherapy catheter resulting in an enterovaginal fistula.	2
Fungal infections are rare but represent serious complications following organ transplantation.	2
OBJECTIVE: To predict the effectiveness of alcohol neurolysis in the treatment of persistent pain caused by the entrapment of superior cluneal nerves.	2
A new therapeutic regimen is suggested, which includes long-term antibiotics combined with an immediate modification of azathioprine therapy and early graft nephrectomy in selected cases with renal parenchymal involvement.	2
Cutaneous lesions were pleomorphic but the typical picture of ecthyma gangrenosum was common in this group of patients.	2
In both cases routine stool examinations prior to steroid therapy were negative for cysts or trophozoites of E. histolytica.	2
A 42-y old woman swallowed 60 ml of 50% malathion in a suicide attempt.	2
An 82-year-old woman with type 2 diabetes had been treated with recombinant human insulin for 16 years.	2
Neither blood culture samples nor computed tomography and magnetic resonance imaging of the chest and abdomen nor a trans-esophageal echocardiography revealed positive results.	2
At his last visit, 12 months later, his vision had improved and his serum creatinine was lower, at 2.2 mg/dL.	2
Ten-17 days after receiving chemotherapy, five patients (4 males and 1 female) with acute lymphoblastic leukemia developed incapacitating myalgias in neck, thighs and arms.	2
Cross-reactivity between clindamycin and ampicillin is also demonstrated in one patient.	2
Two patients had abnormal electroretinograms (ERGs).	2
Acute pancreatitis is a rare but known complication of inflammatory bowel disease in adults.	2
Marrow proliferation as a cause of hearing loss in beta-thalassaemia major.	2
Case presentation, management, and etiology are discussed.	2
CASE REPORT: A 76-year-old man came to us in October 1998 with symptoms of foreign body sensation, epiphora, and difficulty removing his contact lenses.	2
High-dose steroid therapy offers improvement in spinal cord injuries.	2
This patient, a 29 year old male, suffered from grand mal epilepsy for about 12 years, and he had been treated with anticonvulsive drugs.	2
Antiretroviral-induced hepatic steatosis and lactic acidosis: case report and review of the literature.	2
The use of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in MG raises certain challenges.	2
Priapism is a rare but serious adverse effect of psychotropic drugs where antipsychotic agents were implicated in 15 to 26% of priapism associated with medications.	2
No cerebral lesion was detected.	2
Clonal cytogenetic evolution was evident in 2 of the 3 patients and included an extra Philadelphia chromosome in both.	2
BACKGROUND: The number of leishmaniasis cases associated with immunosuppression has increased regularly over the past 20 years.	2
In contrast, eosinophil infiltration was rare in polyps obtained immediately after steroid treatment.	2
We discuss how these patients management differs from other intensive care unit patients with CLS and how it is important to diagnose this condition early in haematological oncology cases.	2
A historical review of the adverse reactions to neuroleptic agents--extrapyramidal side effects--is presented.	2
Nurses can be influential in monitoring, assessing, and preventing aluminum overload.	2
A 53-year-old female who developed myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS) after chemotherapy for adult T-cell leukaemia (ATL) is described.	2
Medical myths occur for many different reasons.	2
Either primary headaches show a higher susceptibility to this idiosyncratic reaction or a drug-induced primary headache evolves in intensity and duration, becoming uncontrolled until the complete discontinuation of the drug in consideration.	2
BACKGROUND: Cloxacillin is a semisynthetic penicillin widely used in nonmethicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus infections.	2
Two patients underwent penetrating keratoplasty at 22 and 26 months after the onset of symptoms and have maintained clear grafts with no evidence of recurrence.	2
An uncommon manifestation of phototoxicity, photo-onycholysis results in the separation of the distal nail from the nail bed.	2
Intermittent, continuous outpatient dobutamine infusion in the management of congestive heart failure.	2
He had been taking finasteride (Propecia; Merck, Sharp and Dohme) at 1 mg/day for 3 years to treat early stage of androgenic alopecia.	2
She had been diagnosed as having myotonic dystrophy by electromyographic investigations and abnormal serum creatinine phosphokinase (CPK) levels.	2
Mequitazine is a phenothiazine derivative antihistamine.	2
The association with etanercept therapy and granulomatous reactions is discussed along with the differential diagnosis.	2
High-dose cytarabine (HDARAC) therapy is an effective regimen in treating refractory leukemias.	2
The mother, applied hot compresses for 16 hours, starting 6.5 hours after the injection.	2
Neuroleptic malignant syndrome (NMS) is a rare, but potentially lethal complication of antipsychotic medication.	2
Around 1990, psychologists and educators began to notice increasing use of methylphenidate by students.	2
Migraine prevention.	2
METHODS: Report of two cases.	2
Following the diagnosis of colon cancer (Duke's classification D), a chemotherapy regimen of 5-FU and levamisole was started.	2
The patient is healthy 16 months after discontinuation of fluconazole.	2
MR appears to be valuable in the detection of abnormalities induced by treatment with high-dose methotrexate.	2
His akathisia symptoms worsened thereafter.	2
Dopamine dysregulation syndrome in a patient with restless legs syndrome.	2
The association between the use of cyproterone acetate and liver abnormalities is poorly documented.	2
On April 2, escitalopram was started.	2
Ganciclovir and standard high-dose immunoglobulins for the treatment of cytomegalovirus interstitial pneumonia in a bone marrow recipient.	2
MAHA developed 2 months later, and tumor recurrence with rapid deterioration appeared 5 months later.	2
After treatment with dose-intensive intravenous melphalan followed by infusion of autologous growth-factor-mobilized blood stem cells, clinical evaluations and plasma cell studies were repeated at 3 and 12 months.	2
Discontinuation of procainamide led to complete recovery.	2
This can occur with combinations such as non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), phenytoin (Dilantin), carbamazepine (Tegretol), and valproic acid (Depakene) or when the albumin level is low.	2
A 39-year-old female presented for elective bilateral thoracoscopic splanchnicectomy for chronic severe visceral pain.	2
Several patients successfully treated with halofantrine without any treatment failure have also been documented in Japan.	2
Steroid therapy is an effective method of protecting the airway in some patients with hemangiomas.	2
Despite aggressive therapy with amphotericin B, the neonate succumbed to overwhelming systemic candidiasis.	2
Measurements of protected isolation and selective intestinal decontamination were taken.	2
Severe abdominal colic because of lead poisoning is an uncommon condition in adults.	2
We observed a decrease in nocturia frequency in all three patients, a decrease in irritative urinary symptoms in two and an improvement of sleep QOL in two.	2
Severe neutropenia and thrombocytopenia were encountered but they were reversible and no life-threatening complications were experienced.	2
The mare subsequently delivered a healthy foal.	2
Mycophenolate mofetil is a novel immunosuppressive drug already established in transplantation medicine.	2
Treatment of cerebrospinal fluid shunt infections commonly involves a combination of intravenous and intraventricular antibiotics.	2
Several plasma and urine samples from the final stage before and during peritoneal dialysis were analyzed by GC/MS.	2
RESULTS: After a prolonged postoperative course, including administration of topical ofloxacin, tobramycin, chloramphenicol, and dexamethasone, UCVA returned to 20/20.	2
These symptoms worsened within a few days of an increase in the dose of fluvoxamine to 50 mg twice daily.	2
Severe oligohydramnios was noted.	2
The intensive care unit (ICU) represents a dynamic interaction between patient factors and interventional factors.	2
Immunological mechanisms are suggested in the pathogenesis of psoriasis and ulcerative colitis.	2
Overall, responses occurred in 4 of 17 patients (24%) receiving rhEPO at a dose of 1,200 to 1,600 U/kg intravenously (IV) twice weekly.	2
Serotonin can also cause pruritus when injected into the skin.	2
We report a case of long-term systemic administration of prostaglandin E2 (PGE2) to a newborn infant with ductus-dependent congenital heart disease.	2
Surveillance strategies and significance of endometrial cells on the Pap smear are reviewed.	2
Histopathologically, a degenerative, inflammatory thyroiditis was evident.	2
Renal function returned to normal eventually, but she continued to have relapses of exfoliative dermatitis up to a year later.	2
Adenomyosis in the broad ligament and tamoxifen: report of a case.	2
The role of IFN-beta in inflammatory musculoskeletal disease is unclear.	2
Information on medical history was obtained from their carers and hospital records.	2
However, the implication of TMP/SMX inducing aseptic meningitis has been underreported to FDA/MEDWATCH program.	2
Failure to thrive is also a frequent side effect of treatment.	2
There was no residual corneal scarring.	2
CT showed deep RIF extending from the vocal cords to the carina, with laryngotracheal compression but without cancer recurrence.	2
Caspofungin, a beta-1,3-glucan synthesis inhibitor, has shown activity against the cyst forms of P. jiroveci in experimental animal models.	2
BACKGROUND: Etanercept is a tumor necrosis factor (TNF) inhibitor that has been licensed in the United States for the treatment of adult and juvenile rheumatoid arthritis as well as psoriatic arthritis.	2
Acute erythroleukemia complicating prolonged chemotherapy for ovarian carcinoma.	2
All 24 of them received mecamylamine in 2.5-6.25 mgm/day dose, at varying starting dates during the years June 1997 to June 1999.	2
Several studies commented on the unanticipated symptom of increased sweating associated with hypoglycemia in diabetic patients who are taking beta-blockers.	2
Neisseria sicca, previously classified as a "nonpathogenic" organism, has now been recognized as a cause of many infections, including endocarditis and meningitis.	2
In one patient this resulted in an ischemic and necrotic digital ulcus, necessitating surgical amputation.	2
One patient was treated with amphotericin B and his central venous catheter was removed, but he died of Klebsiella pneumoniae bacteremia.	2
These observations support the view of an increase in both the severity and incidence of PCP in patients without human immunodeficiency virus infection and question the need for a primary prophylaxis in patients with connective tissue diseases receiving high-dose corticosteroid therapy.	2
Normal pregnancy after curative multiagent chemotherapy for choriocarcinoma with brain metastases.	2
CONCLUSION: Anterior spinal artery syndrome can occur following retroperitoneal surgery.	2
Long-term clinical and pharmacokinetic studies will be required to determine whether or not niflumic acid can be employed in the prevention or treatment of both of apparently idiopathic osteoporosis or corticosteroid-induced osteoporosis.	2
Effects of the methylprednisolone pulse therapy on renal function.	2
We report two cases with small cell lung cancer (SCLC) receiving multicyclic dose-intensified chemotherapy (DI-CT) supported by autologous blood progenitor cell transplantation (ABPCT).	2
A case report.	2
These results suggest that the pathogenesis of pseudotumor cerebri might be associated with the hypercoagulable state which was induced by glucocorticoid therapy and nephrotic syndrome.	2
Enzymes derived from two different bacterial sources (Escherichia coli and Erwinia carotovora) are in common use.	2
Thirteen consecutive stage II breast cancer patients were treated with long-term adjuvant chemotherapy using chlorambucil.	2
His serum calcium returned to a normal range in three months with Vitamin D and calcium supplement.	2
Several different preparations are available including interferon beta 1a (Avonex, Rebif) and interferon beta 1b (Betaferon/Betaseron).	2
Airway obstruction complicating esophageal stent placement in two post-pneumonectomy patients.	2
The nystagmus resolved as the serum phenytoin level fell, as demonstrated by electronystagmography.	2
Serial lymph node biopsies showed the progression of this disorder from a pleomorphic immunoblastic proliferation to a lymphocyte-depleted, fibrotic process, in parallel with a decline from hyper- to hypogammaglobulinemia.	2
Chemotherapy is frequently used to treat adenocarcinoma.	2
A case of cataract development in a patient with atopic dermatitis is presented.	2
The level of ferritin in serum was elevated to 1192 ng/mL.	2
Within 10 minutes, the occluded artery was reopened by an intracoronary (i.c.) infusion of streptokinase, resulting in the disappearance of chest pain and normalization of ST segments.	2
We present a case of antisynthetase syndrome whose predominant feature was fibrosing alveolitis and which may have been drug-induced.	2
Within 2 weeks after starting azithromycin, the patient's forced expiratory volume in 1 second increased significantly and a repeat spiral CT chest scan 5 months later, showed a major improvement of the bronchiectasis.	2
PURPOSE: Interface inflammation is a common complication of laser in situ keratomileusis (LASIK).	2
Tests for thyroid autoantibodies, as well as inhibitory and stimulatory antibodies, were negative, and fine needle aspiration biopsy revealed an adenomatous goiter.	2
Phenylpropanolamine (PPA) is a sympathomimetic drug contained in numerous over-the-counter and prescription decongestants and appetite suppressants.	2
Fatal varicella in steroid-dependent asthma.	2
CONCLUSIONS: As the elderly population and the incidence of heart disease increase in the United States, more people will probably be using heart drug therapy.	2
Although the mechanism of this paradoxical phenomenon is not well understood, a defective local tissue immune response with gradually increasing maturity of the lesions during antituberculous therapy, which results in poor penetration of these drugs into the lesions, might be a possible explanation.	2
In addition, the patient tolerated other neuroleptics that were started in the hospital after the suspected NMS episode.	2
Our report points out differences between acute, postacute, and longterm rehabilitation, describes the mobilization of patients in acute rheumatology units, and defines specific problems encountered in acute hospital-based rehabilitation of rheumatological patients.	2
Combined data reveal that 12 of 23 have had a complete or partial response with residual thrombocytopenia and a probability of 48% survival one year from the start of ATG therapy as projected by life table analysis.	2
In June 2002, the patient was admitted to the Outpatient Clinic of the Rheumatology Unit for arthralgia affecting the small joints, non-pruritic crops of purple skin lesions and malar rash in the face.	2
SETTING: University hospital with a comprehensive in- and outpatient rehabilitation center.	2
The signs and symptoms were similar to those seen with systemic use of the drug for other ailments.	2
The major affected sites had been treated 10 years before with Artecoll, a permanent filler containing polymethylmethacrylate.	2
SMS 201-995 was also effective in suppressing thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH) and thyroid hormone secretion in a patient with mild thyrotoxicosis due to non-tumoural inappropriate TSH hypersecretion.	2
A 42-year-old man with ankylosing spondylitis that was refractory to nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs as well as various disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs was subjected to anti-TNF compounds.	2
Botulinum toxin is effective and safe for palatal tremor: a report of five cases and a review of the literature.	2
Two months later, a second arrhythmia cluster occurred that was controlled by the addition of amiodarone.	2
Differentiation between recurrent tumor and radiation necrosis in a child with anaplastic ependymoma after chemotherapy and radiation therapy.	2
The good results reported in previous series were only found in this study when the indications were restricted to certain favourable prognostic factors: duration of sciatica less than 6 months and CAT-scan appearance of discal hernia.	2
Posttransplant lymphoproliferative disorder of the nasopharynx.	2
Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) showed bilateral ischemic lesions of the globus pallidus, suggesting a generalized cerebral hypoxia during the comatose state as pathogenic mechanism.	2
The duration of pain was 17.8 +/- 9.3 months (mean +/- SD), and the baseline VAS score was 88.2 +/- 6.3 points.	2
Repeated blood transfusions were associated with rapidly evolving renal failure coupled with anemia and thrombocytopenia.	2
Immediate surgical management became necessary.	2
A 69-year-old female with chronic posterior uveitis was treated with cyclosporine while on concomitant oral simvastatin for hypercholesterolemia.	2
The patient had been treated with many commonly used medications, including 13-cis-retinoic acid, a relatively new drug with apparent therapeutic benefit in hyperkeratotic dermatoses.	2
Malignant osteopetrosis generally begins in utero and often results in stillbirth.	2
Successful treatment of postoperative pyoderma gangrenosum with cyclosporin.	2
To our knowledge, this is the first clear report of reactivation of "latent" Histoplasmosis after anti-TNF-alpha therapy.	2
Resolution of a giant atrial thrombus following anticoagulation therapy.	2
Many different medical and surgical remedies have been tried but none have demonstrated reproducible success.	2
A 55-year-old woman with systemic lupus erythematosus was admitted with fever of unknown origin.	2
Autopsy revealed diffuse vasculitis involving the heart, lungs, kidneys, testes, spleen, liver, skin, gut wall and marrow with neuritis of gut wall nerves and ganglia.	2
Most patients can be successfully managed when patient and physician expectations are realistic and aligned, the selection of preventive medications is individualised, and the initiation and titration strategy is appropriate and carefully followed.	2
Tumor lysis syndrome was suspected and intensive hemodialysis was performed.	2
He developed Epstein-Barr virus-associated malignant lymphoma at 10 years and thyroid papillary carcinoma at 20 years of age.	2
The patient recovered without sequelae with conservative therapy.	2
We report treatment of a 38-year-old man with minimal change disease (MCD) who developed pneumatosis intestinalis (PI) during administration of immune-suppressive agents.	2
This may also represent an alternative to ex-vivo expansion and deserves further investigation.	2
Fatal acute neurotoxicity is rarely encountered.	2
The posttransplant course was complicated by several infection episodes and one episode of acute cellular rejection grade 2.	2
She was stabilized with prednisone, azathioprine, and tacrolimus.	2
The current report demonstrates successful treatment, even in the setting of subsequent bone marrow transplantation and immunosuppression, using a combination of surgical resection and posaconazole therapy.	2
The isotretinoin, a 13-cis-retinoic acid, has revolutionized the management of severe treatment-resistant acne and it has been widely used for a range of dermatological conditions, in 90% of the time in young women between 13 and 45 years of age.	2
Thymic hyperplasia can occur after cytotoxic therapy for various malignancies.	2
Recurrences of hiccups have responded to increases in baclofen dosage.	2
Serious infection during neutropenia was the most common complication.	2
Unexplained menorrhagia and hematuria: a case report of Munchausen's syndrome by proxy.	2
This 41-year-old woman had been on tamoxifen therapy for 3 years due to breast cancer.	2
Patients were diagnosed with AL amyloidosis by tissue biopsy and categorized by performance status and organ involvement.	2
The patient had no history of seizures in the past and no gross neurologic deficits.	2
Minor trauma to the tissue, such as tooth extraction, can trigger life-threatening laryngeal edema.	2
Although a neurological evaluation by a neurosurgeon could suggest the presence of a vague cerebellar sign, neuro-otological evaluation disclosed diverse abnormal findings which clearly demonstrated the presence of dysfunction in the cerebellar system, especially of the verminal and flocculonodular lobe lesion.	2
Cesium-induced QT-interval prolongation in an adolescent.	2
These patients were treated by the continuous administration of an estrogen-progestogen combination for 6 months.	2
His brother (age 6) and father (age 31) were also found to have elevated blood pressure.	2
This "fibroelastic form" would represent the acute or subacute phase of constriction.	2
On the other hand, CLL could precede, but could also be diagnosed at the same, or delayed time as AML, suggesting the presence of other leukemogenic factors.	2
Cranial magnetic resonance imaging showed widespread, abnormally high signal intensity in the deep white matter in both patients, though one patient had normal cranial computed tomographic scan.	2
The level of aspartate aminotransferase (AST) was 44 U/L, and that of alanine aminotransferase (ALT) was 69 U/L.	2
These subjective sensory phenomena were not associated with sensory loss or autonomic or motor signs.	2
Aggressive use of H2-antagonists to prevent gastrointestinal bleeding in septic patients will reduce the need for orally administered antacids.	2
At present, the child is growing on by GH replacement therapy.	2
Within days, she developed paranoid ideation, profound psychomotor retardation, increased depression, and fatigue.	2
She initially presented with pelvic and lower back pain, and imaging showed a pelvic deep venous thrombosis (DVT) and an interrupted IVC.	2
Several cases have been described in the United Kingdom and recently in the United States.	2
Treatment of neutropenia in a renal transplant recipient with granulocyte colony-stimulating factor.	2
Three patients with progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy (PML) treated with highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART) worsened clinically and radiologically.	2
One patient had wrists drop and weakness of the fingers extensors.	2
These groups had similar mean ages (31.5-45.4 years) and gender distributions (50.0-60.7% male), apart from RBD.	2
Macrolide antibiotics inhibit the metabolism of hydroxymethylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase inhibitors (statins) that may result in myopathy and rhabdomyolysis.	2
Aromatic antiepileptic agents, such as phenytoin, carbamazepine, and phenobarbital are the most frequent causes of this syndrome.	2
Among these are an increased incidence of both gram-positive and gram-negative infections and an increased incidence of gastrointestinal symptoms.	2
It has minimal side effects in transplant recipients and appears to be an effective initial treatment for this severe infection.	2
Cutaneous infection is rare and about 71 cases have been described, mainly in Europe in immunocompromised hosts.	2
Case histories, including medication lists, liver biopsy and laboratory data were reviewed.	2
A lymphocyte stimulation test was reactive to pranlukast.	2
There are few references of allergic reaction to this hormone.	2
Several clinical parameters indicate a remarkable improvement in the clinical courses of those patients in recent years: weaning time, extubation rate, and improvement of additional organ failures were all significantly better in patients treated after the emergence of new antimycotic agents, resulting in prolonged overall survival.	2
It may vary in both presenting characteristics and severity.	2
Laboratory abnormalities included a prothrombin time < 10%, an international normalized ratio exceeding the laboratory limits, and an activated partial thromboplastin time >120 seconds.	2
This case illustrates that distortion-product otoacoustic emissions (DPOAEs) may be an appropriate cross-check measure to supplement and confirm pediatric behavioral data.	2
The beta-oxidation pathway of VPA was shown to be suppressed (lack of 3-keto-VPA), whereas metabolites from the omega-oxidation pathway could still be measured (urinary 5-OH-VPA plus 2-propylglutaric acid ca. 1.6%, controls more than 10%).	2
CONCLUSIONS: This study shows that psoriasis can be driven by the innate immune system through TLR ligation.	2
Here, we describe a case of Epstein-Barr virus-associated polymorphic PTLD that developed shortly after treatment for cytomegalovirus reactivation in a lung transplant recipient who was preoperatively seropositive for both cytomegalovirus and Epstein-Barr virus.	2
A 19-year-old man with untreated systemic lupus erythematosus had an acute myocardial infarction.	2
The mechanisms and occurrence of lymphoma after immune response modifiers are discussed.	2
The use of somatostatin analog in gastroenteropancreatic tumors other than carcinoid.	2
Discontinuation of the statin improved his symptoms.	2
Triptans are specific agonists of the serotonergic 5-HT(1B/1D) receptors that have increasingly been used in the treatment of migraine and cluster headaches.	2
The association of malignant mesothelioma with lymphoma is rare, and the possibility of asbestos exposure as a common etiology is discussed.	2
The paper discusses the imputability of benfluorex, a drug used as an adjuvant in hypercholesterolemia, structurally related to amphetamines.	2
Four hemodialyses with charcoal hemoperfusion were performed over 72 h.	2
Patient had primary polydipsia and secondarily developed hyponatremia.	2
We review the existing literature on this rare clinical entity, all-trans retinoic acid-induced myositis.	2
The results of these studies could also lead to significant modifications in recommendations for long-term maintenance therapy with cytotoxic agents.	2
In six cases CT scans did not return to their original state after ACTH therapy.	2
Surgical evacuation of the laryngeal hematoma was not necessary.	2
All 3 patients received rituximab according to a standardized institutional rate schedule, and all received pre-medication with acetaminophen and diphenhydramine.	2
In two dogs the lesions resolved after 7.5-8.5 months of immune-suppressive treatment.	2
Three hours after the procedure, she had severe headache with vomiting and gradually went into a coma.	2
The association of the use of certain androgenic steroids with hepatic neoplasms histologically resembling hepatocarcinomas, but characterized by lack of metastases and apparent reversibility, suggests the desirability of a new nomenclature for these hepatocellular lesions.	2
She received chemotherapy according to the previously described modified St.	2
3 of the 5 previously untreated patients achieved biochemical and bone-marrow complete remissions.	2
Repeat courses may be needed to eradicate infection.	2
True allergy to mercury is rare but is more common in females.	2
These syndromes are often undiagnosed or misdiagnosed and lead to unnecessary morbidity and noncompliance with recommended pharmacotherapy.	2
We report 2 cases of severe, persistent erythema multiforme, treated with thalidomide, with complete disease suppression in both cases.	2
The addition of catecholamines to local anesthetics should be considered.	2
Animal models showing paradoxical or opposing responses to serotonin-enhancing agents may apply to human sexual functioning as well.	2
All but one patient presented with afebrile seizures.	2
All patients except two had new recurrences within the observation time.	2
Report of two cases and concise review of the literature.	2
It is noteworthy that the superior sagittal sinus thrombosis occurred during a haematological recovery period, with rapid responses to treatment with 6-mercaptopurine and high doses of adrenocorticosteroids.	2
(3) In 7 of the patients who were treated with EPO before PTX, anemia was improved after PTX despite discontinuation of EPO therapy in 2, a reduced dose of EPO in 3 and the same dose of EPO in 2.	2
The patient was treated with mesalamine and prednisolone, and a repeat colonoscopy revealed an improvement in his bowel disease.	2
We conclude that treatment with ramipril can be employed effectively and safely in GSD Ia patients with nephrotic-range proteinuria.	2
Intensive care experience with intravenous cimetidine.	2
Risperidone may also be useful for treating acute agitation in patients with a high risk of EPS and for long-term treatment of "sundowning" (agitation and confusion starting in the late afternoon and worsening at night).	2
The post-therapy biopsies also showed progestin-related alterations but no evidence of active hyperplasia.	2
After 4 weeks, the necrotic tissue sloughed off, the early signs of healing appeared making surgical debridement possible.	2
Endovascular treatment of renal artery thrombosis caused by umbilical artery catheterization.	2
F VIII dosage was gradually reduced with advanced resorption of the haematoma and thereafter switched to prophylaxis (40 IU/kg bw 3 times weekly).	2
It is generally well tolerated and significant adverse reactions occur rarely.	2
The use of brimonidine is not recommended in these patients until further data are available.	2
The neovascularization developed within 1 month after the laser anastomosis in all three cases.	2
Her autoantibodies except fluorescent anti-nuclear antibodies were negative.	2
Isoniazid and vitamin B6 were co-administered with adalimumab.	2
Over the next 4 months, there was progressive corneal stromal thinning and descemetocele formation in 1 eye, requiring application of cyanoacrylate glue, and stromal edema and scarring in the other eye, which resulted in a visual acuity of counting fingers.	2
CONCLUSION: The use of HDR radiation in these patients eliminated radiation exposure to care-givers and permitted constant nursing care and interaction among the parents, nursing personnel, and child.	2
OBJECTIVE: To describe a series of patients with clinically significant lead poisoning.	2
Therapy-related myelodysplastic syndrome (t-MDS) was suspected approximately 2 years later; in addition, complex karyotypic abnormalities including 5q deletion, monosomy 7, and der(17)t(12;17)(q13;p13) were found repeatedly in the patient's chromosome studies.	2
PCNSL is a disease of the elderly, with the majority of patients being diagnosed in the 7th to 8th decade of life.	2
No other identifiable factor contributed to the unresponsiveness.	2
Jaundice was the presenting symptom in all three.	2
Results Radiographic responses to sirolimus were observed in all patients.	2
After a total of 11 applications the patient developed a port thrombosis resistant to lysis with urokinase.	2
Subsequently he responded to the West Berlin Protocol.	2
B-cell lymphoproliferative disorders are rare but serious complications of solid organ and bone marrow transplantation.	2
RESULTS: A total of 861 patients with ischemic stroke were admitted to Calgary hospitals during the study period.	2
A case report.	2
On day four he was noted to have complete right sided femoral and left sided lateral femoral cutaneous nerve of thigh neuropathies.	2
The diagnosis can be made after the exclusion of other causes of rheumatoid lung when the patient's poor respiratory status precludes invasive exploration.	2
Flecainide acetate is a sodium channel blocker and a class Ic antiarrhythmic agent with potential life-threatening proarrhythmic and cardioinhibitory properties when taken in overdose.	2
The Ommaya reservoir provides an easy and practical method for fungicidal medication administration.	2
Sensation of all modalities was intact.	2
Because recombinant human granulocyte colony-stimulating factor (G-CSF) has been reported to increase the sensitivity of acute myelogenous leukemia (AML) blast cells to cytosine arabinoside (Ara-C) in vitro, we treated a patient with refractory AML with an Ara-C-based regimen in combination with G-CSF (G-CSF/Ara-C therapy).	2
Both of the previous patients had therapy-related leukemias after exposure to topoisomerase II inhibitors, whereas our patient had received cytotoxic therapy that did not include a topoisomerase II inhibitor.	2
RESULTS: Four patients experienced ventricular free wall rupture after having a MI between November 17, 1993, and July 28, 1995.	2
ADAMTS13 was normal in four patients and mildly decreased in two patients.	2
The polymorphic UGT isoenzyme, UGT1A1 has genetic variants which decrease in SN-38 glucuronidating capacity and could help predict irinotecan-associated toxicity.	2
There are many challenges associated with treating invasive aspergillosis, particularly that due to A. terreus, and the early use of caspofungin should be considered.	2
The wound and tissue cultures were negative.	2
Dipyridamole stress testing may be used in the diagnosis of coronary artery disease and risk assessment of patients who are unable to exercise.	2
Clonidine is being used increasingly for treatment of spasticity in patients with spinal cord injury.	2
Graft versus host disease after orthotopic liver transplantation documented by analysis of short tandem repeat polymorphisms.	2
However, the composition of the mixture had been modified by the manufacturer in the past 5 months, with addition of boldo leaf extracts.	2
All the data suggested that the antibiotic was responsible for the deterioration in renal function.	2
They provided conflicting testimony as to alleged violations of the standard of care.	2
Seventeen had deposits of plasma proteins at the dermoepidermal junction, 16 had deposits in the vessel walls, and one had autofluorescence of the nuclei in the epidermis and vessel walls.	2
These results suggested that the visual dysfunction might be entirely attributable to retinal rather than optic nerve toxicity.	2
Injury to the spinal cord injury with paraplegia, is a rare complication of surgical repair of aortic coarctation recognized immediately post-operatively.	2
METHODS: Imiquimod 5% cream was applied topically once daily, 3 days a week for 8 to 12 weeks, in two patients affected by eyelid nodular basal cell carcinoma.	2
Steroid induced exophthalmos.	2
He is in remission of AML and tuberculosis.	2
The median age was 31 yr (range 2-93).	2
During the disease course, the patient showed a transient increase in anti-human herpesvirus (HHV)-6 antibody titers and HHV-6 DNA in the peripheral blood, indicating the reactivation of a latent HHV-6 infection.	2
PURPOSE Perivascular epithelioid cell tumors (PEComas) represent a family of mesenchymal neoplasms, mechanistically linked through activation of the mTOR signaling pathway.	2
While she was receiving the maximum dose of 180 mg/day of cinacalcet HCl and PTH at 443 pg/mL, she needed to be hospitalized for a right hip prothesis.	2
OBJECTIVES: The primary aim of this article is to critically review the clinical features and comorbidities, epidemiology, pathophysiology, and treatment of impulse control disorder (ICD) associated with Parkinson disease (PD).	2
Dexamethasone 4 mg orally twice daily was given around the time of chemotherapy administration to prevent the dermatitis associated with the drug.	2
Terbinafine is given as continuous dosing, 250 mg per day for 3 months.	2
Cutaneous alternariosis is an opportunistic infection.	2
Chylous ascites, a rare compliation following retroperitoneal lymph node dissection, has not been reported as a means of spread of testicular cancer.	2
The surgical resection and chemotherapy of metastatic osteogenic sarcoma of the right ventricle.	2
Recognition of amifostine as the cause of this adverse event may prevent the cost and inconvenience of a hospital admission.	2
RESULTS: The combination of these drugs, even small doses, caused toxicity.	2
This observation also suggests that early administration of ribavirin in patients affected by acute syncytia; giant cell hepatitis of unknown origin could avoid liver transplantation.	2
Lately these episodes were followed by brief spell of unconsciousness.	2
Effectiveness of octreotide in a case of refractory sulfonylurea-induced hypoglycemia.	2
Azathioprine withdrawal resulted after 7 weeks in the resolution of clinical and biochemical abnormalities.	2
Neutropenic enterocolitis: a serious complication during the treatment of acute leukemias.	2
Cerebral manifestations of ergotism.	2
Contraindications for mannitol in aphakic glaucoma.	2
Computed tomography of the brain was normal but electroencephalography showed focal theta and delta slow waves over the right temporal-parietal-occipital area.	2
Anti-thyroid Abs were found positive.	2
Frequent measurement of prothrombin time, activated partial thromboplastin time, fibrinogen, and thrombin time was used to guide fibrinolytic therapy.	2
Stevens-Johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis (TEN) are mild-to-life-threatening adverse reactions that have been described after exposure to fluoroquinolones.	2
Sulfonamides have been reported to augment the hypoglycemic effects of chlorpropamide, glyburide, and tolbutamide.	2
The diagnosis was made on the classical appearance of "owl's eye" inclusion bodies on colonic and hepatic biopsies and, in addition, viral serology and polymerase chain reaction (PCR) analysis of the cytomegalovirus DNA copy number.	2
We also discuss whether screening for DPD deficiency is warranted to identify patients at risk for severe toxicities from 5-FU treatment.	2
Our experience supports its efficacy in this setting, and to the best of our knowledge this is the first report of successful treatment of cutaneous warts with IV Cidofovir in a pediatric case.	2
We believe this to be the second reported case of L. monocytogenes peritonitis in a CAPD patient.	2
This strategy may be considered in the case of life-threatening VAD associated thrombosis to avoid the need for intracardiac drug delivery or VAD replacement.	2
This resulted in clearance of the virus from the AF and the delivery of a healthy newborn girl, free of CMV disease.	2
A physical and/or chemical in vitro compatibility of 5-FU and calcium folinic acid, without validated clinical data is not sufficient to use this mixture in routine clinical practice.	2
With the immunocompromised patient it is important to seek early ophthalmologic consultation when even minor ocular symptoms develop.	2
Comorbid alcohol dependence is common in patients with schizophrenia and is associated with a variety of serious adverse consequences.	2
The patient was successfully treated with ciprofloxacin.	2
Pulmonary histopathology demonstrated a mononuclear interstitial infiltrate without evidence of malignant, infectious, granulomatous, or vascular causes.	2
Common peroneal nerve palsy following TNF-based isolated limb perfusion for irresectable extremity desmoid tumor.	2
The course of this rare case is described and the literature reviewed.	2
However, with increased experience in applying BCG, the side effects now appear to be less prominent and few.	2
METHODS: An in vitro model was used to determine the extraction ratio of ifosfamide by dialysis.	2
A CT of the thorax revealed newly developed bilateral pulmonary ground-glass opacity corresponding to the previous radiation fields.	2
RESULTS: The patient tolerated this fairly well and has been on this treatment and regular diet for >1 year, without any adverse reaction.	2
Clinically apparent reactivation of hepatitis B virus typically occurred 1 month after the 3rd dose of infliximab.	2
The plasma concentrations of the active metabolite M6G were more than 10 times those normally seen and the half-lives of M6G and morphine were prolonged.	2
Rinsing of the CSF after intensive antimicrobial treatment resulted in a cure.	2
The aim of this study is to evaluate steroid therapy effect in patient treated for eosinophilic jejunitis to share our experience with other colleagues.	2
The morphologic findings of group 1 biopsies were those of autoimmune hepatitis in all 4 patients.	2
Controversy exists over the appropriateness of administering haematopoietic growth factors to healthy individuals.	2
Histopathologic examination and direct immunofluorescence test were consistent with IgA bullous dermatosis.	2
Monitoring and predicting ototoxic damage using distortion-product otoacoustic emissions: pediatric case study.	2
A group of six patients, three with malignant melanoma, two with basal cell carcinoma, and one with metastatic adenocarcinoma, were enrolled in the study.	2
METHODS: We retrospectively reviewed all cases of endoscopic sinus surgery performed by the senior authors at their respective institutions.	2
A 66-year-old pseudophakic man with primary open-angle glaucoma and ocular cicatricial pemphigoid underwent trabeculectomy and was given postoperative subconjunctival 5-fluorouracil.	2
The erythroid defect fully reversed after the drug was discontinued and could not be attributed to the patient's previously treated lung carcinoma.	2
CONCLUSION: The recognition of this atypical presentation with a combination of opthalmoscopic, angiographic and OCT findings may avoid inappropriate diagnosis and treatment with corticosteroids.	2
It usually increases the severity of reactive arthritis.	2
A kidney transplantation recipient 1983 to 1995, she was diagnosed with Charcot-Marie Tooth disease in 1991.	2
Diagnostic procedures did not reveal any liver, kidney, splenic, or pancreatic abnormalities.	2
Objective causality assessment revealed that the adverse event was probably drug induced.	2
However, its use has recently been limited because of adverse cutaneous and hepatic effects.	2
Results of this study show milnacipran to be beneficial in patients with chronic pain.	2
Severe ehrlichia infection in pediatric oncology and stem cell transplant patients.	2
Retinoic acid syndrome in acute promyelocytic leukemia.	2
GH insufficiency has not been recognised as a classical manifestation of this syndrome.	2
The lung had become too stiff for the anesthetic circuit bag to be squeezed by hand.	2
It is well known that intravascular injection of oleic acid induces acute respiratory failure in animal models.	2
BACKGROUND: Electroporation is a process that causes a transient increase in the permeability of cell membranes.	2
Deterioration in renal function associated with angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor therapy is not always reversible.	2
Brain MRI showed restricted diffusion in the rostral midbrain and temporal and parietal lobes but not in the pons.	2
We conclude that etanercept may be a safe and effective therapy not only in severe psoriatic arthritis, but also in cases of pustular rebound after withdrawal of immunosuppressive agents.	2
High-dose tamoxifen in treatment of brain tumors: interaction with antiepileptic drugs.	2
Pediatricians rarely use a systematic approach to establish the cause of drug reactions in the clinical setting.	2
Following the first episode, he was eucalcemic for nine weeks without therapy, attesting to the prolonged biological effects of calcitriol when used in the treatment of hypoparathyroidism.	2
Slight involution of the goiter within seven months may be attributed either to colchicine therapy or to treatment with levothyroxine and iodide.	2
Olanzapine was detected and quantitated by basic liquid-liquid extraction followed by dual-column gas chromatographic analysis with nitrogen phosphorus detection.	2
Similar occurrences in outpatients reported in the literature are reviewed.	2
After processing to reduce its toxicity, 'maqianzi' was used as a herbal remedy for rheumatism, musculoskeletal injuries and limb paralysis.	2
After 6 months of treatment, systemic lupus erythematosus-related symptoms disappeared and anti-double-stranded DNA returned to normal.	2
The patient then received combined cataract and glaucoma surgery.	2
These experiments have confirmed clinical observations that alcohol in modest doses has the potential of producing atrial or ventricular arrhythmias.	2
Second malignancy is one of the late complications of long-term cancer survivors, treated with radiation or chemotherapy.	2
Clinicians should be alert to the possibility of these adverse effects in children treated with these drugs.	2
The computer-based algebraic method is illustrated for a problem previously analyzed by Monte Carlo simulation.	2
One previous study of four transplant patients whose immediate post-transplantation immunosuppression utilized corticosteroids, cyclosporine, MMF, and anti-T-lymphocyte globulin noted anemia in 13% of them.	2
An electrophysiologic study revealed an intermittent advanced (His-Purkinje) block within the atrioventricular conduction system.	2
In two patients, adenosine precipitated acceleration of ventricular response, in one case necessitating emergent cardioversion.	2
A patient is described with polycythemia vera who was taking anticoagulants and developed a spontaneous retropharyngeal hemorrhage after a violent sneezing episode.	2
Three of the patients had the carcinoid syndrome and one a renal carcinoma, and all were treated with interferon-alpha 2b or 2a (IFN-alpha 2b, 2a) with doses ranging from 1.5 x 10(6) U daily to 18 x 10(6) U three times weekly.	2
Captopril, a competitive inhibitor of angiotensin-converting enzyme, is widely used in the treatment of hypertension and heart failure.	2
Ketoralac is an injectable nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drug (NSAID) widely used in both out-patient and in-patient settings.	2
It is postulated that renal tubular damage secondary to the cumulative effects of repeated courses of aminoglycosides resulted in hypomagnesaemia, and we suggest screening for this problem by monitoring serum magnesium regularly in all patients with CF receiving multiple courses of aminoglycosides.	2
We report three patients with transformed migraine, previously refractory to a wide variety of traditional preventive pharmacologic and nonpharmacologic interventions.	2
Multifocal disseminated lipoatrophy secondary to intravenous corticosteroid administration in a patient with adrenal insufficiency.	2
Patient was discharged home on postoperative day 19.	2
The evidence that 5-azacytidine stimulates the production of Hb F and F cells in baboon and man is reviewed.	2
Fluoxetine suppresses human cataplexy: a pilot study.	2
In all cases SMS 201-995 treatment has been well tolerated and has few side-effects.	2
Analysis of cerebrospinal fluid showed significant pleocytosis and hypoglycorrhachia.	2
The plasma concentration of pirmenol was at a subtherapeutic level and the lymphocyte stimulation test was positive in this patient.	2
Radiotherapy enhances the toxicity of aminoglutethimide.	2
It is stressed that ethambutol may act as a trigger factor to the toxic effects of Rifampicin.	2
It has multiple adverse effects including neurotoxicity.	2
In the last years intravenous cyclosporine (CyA) has been reported to be rapidly effective and relatively safe in patients with severe corticosteroid-resistant UC.	2
INTRODUCTION: Leflunomide is an immunomodulating agent with proven efficacy in rheumatoid arthritis.	2
Sepsis, viral hepatitis, and metabolic liver disease were excluded.	2
During the first post-treatment days, diffuse lamellar keratitis (DLK) (stage III) developed.	2
The total amount of vitamin K received from the enteral feedings ranged from 50 to 115 micrograms/day, which is less than the normal daily intake of 300 to 500 micrograms.	2
Pathologic specimens obtained by open lung biopsy showed thickening of the wall from the distal bronchioli to the alveolar ducts due to submucosal and intraepithelial infiltration of lymphocytes, histiocytes and foamy macrophages, which was not accompanied by organizing changes.	2
Multicentric canine lymphoma in a 12-year-old keeshond: chemotherapy options.	2
WE from thiamine deficiency can occur as a result of cessation of MVI in the TPN infusion.	2
Introduction of the balloon into the left atrium resulted in thrombotic occlusion of the mitral valve.	2
The case described here suggests an immune-related mechanism for the development of leukopenia.	2
We present three cases of fatal hepatic necrosis in patients with epilepsy taking anticonvulsants, in which the terminal illness presented as an unusually severe generalized tonic-clonic seizure with failure to regain consciousness.	2
Although a few cases of "sarcomas" of the endometrium that had developed in an estrogenic setting have been reported, a clear-cut association between estrogenic stimulation and these forms of endometrial cancer has not been established.	2
We present two cases of neonates with gastric mucosa and submucosa hyperplasia revealed during ultrasound examination.	2
It is concluded that boldo leaf extracts might be hepatotoxic, at least in elderly patients with fatty liver.	2
Cyproterone acetate (CPA) is a widely used drug in the treatment of advanced prostatic carcinoma.	2
The majority of the induced lesions is in the distal ileum, sigmoid colon, or rectum.	2
This complication has not previously been reported during treatment with sargramostim, a hematopoietic cytokine with activity that overlaps filgrastim.	2
Due to paranoia and agitation, the dose was increased to 5 mg twice daily after 2 days.	2
Repeat studies performed 7 months later indicated some improvements in this indirect assessment of endogenous TRH reserve capacity but a continued exaggerated TSH response to exogenous TRH administration.	2
Complications in the use of prochlorperazine.	2
We report a rare case of patient with dermatomyositis (DM) who developed spontaneous pneumomediastinum (PnM) and subcutaneous emphysema.	2
A pyogenic, ruptured Baker's cyst induced by arthroscopic pressure pump irrigation.	2
None of the patients had worsening of the respiratory status.	2
Vasopressin (0.04 units/min) was administered through a peripheral venous catheter for hypotension unresponsive to exogenous catecholamines.	2
This patient has shown that immunosuppression due to splenectomy, NHL, and chemotherapy, especially when using steroids, could be risk factors for pyomyositis in nontropical or semitropical countries.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Ovulation induction therapy with clomiphene citrate may precipitate uveitis.	2
Patients received CAP 1200-1600 mg/m2 in two divided doses with XRT (total 5040-5400 Gy) x 6 weeks, followed by 4 weeks rest, then 6 cycles of CAP 2000-2500 mg/m2 in two divided doses x 14 days every (q) 3 weeks.	2
No other site of invasive aspergillosis was evident.	2
Hypercontractile heart failure caused by catecholamine therapy in premature neonates.	2
Transient obstruction of the mitral valve by a massive thrombus complicating percutaneous valvuloplasty.	2
The purpose of this article was to provide a detailed review of the role of TNF-alpha in controlling hepatitis B viral infection and the clinical impact blockade might have on viral control.	2
Current antiamoebal therapy was effective and regrafting in the quiet eye was successful.	2
Monitoring serum digoxin concentrations during digoxin immune Fab therapy.	2
Nummular headache (NH) is a primary headache adopting the form of local pain in a circumscribed area of < 7 cm in diameter in the tuber parietale, albeit it may also be located in other areas of the head.	2
These adverse reactions probably depend on the dose, metabolism and excretion of the drug.	2
Drug withdrawal and brief steroid therapy resulted in clinical remission within two months of diagnosis.	2
SCE analysis may provide a method for detecting patients at risk from oncogenic effects of cytotoxic drugs.	2
The patient was reintubated and five hours later was successfully extubated without further sequelae.	2
Stent fracture is uncommon but may have consequences including restenosis.	2
PURPOSE: Quetiapine is a novel antipsychotic, which is efficacious in the treatment of positive and negative symptoms in schizophrenia.	2
The algorithm derived from this case could serve as both a practical guideline and impetus for further investigation in light of increasing psychotropic co-administration.	2
Based on these findings, the patient was diagnosed with DRESS/DIHS caused by zonisamide.	2
CMV disease involving central nervous system is an unusual presentation in the setting of SCT.	2
We report a case of pelvic actinomycosis presenting as cutaneous fistula.	2
Nonetheless, the results of therapy with many of the treatment programs described are encouraging, as exemplified by the report from Graboys and coworkers.	2
Management of suspected neuroleptic malignant syndrome.	2
Two patients are presented illustrating some differences between enteral and parenteral feedings in children receiving intensive chemotherapy.	2
Three days after stopping the infusion she collapsed and died.	2
In both cases the etiology of the renal failure was not a direct result of the use of lithium.	2
Transoesophageal echocardiography (TEE) was performed which showed a multilobulated liquid-filled mass (3.6 x 3.7 cm), adherent to the septal, anterior and posterolateral LA most consistent with thrombosis.	2
While the tyrosine kinase inhibitor imatinib, which has been recently shown to represent the treatment of choice for GIST, is primarily metabolized by the liver, data on the pharmacokinetics and the tolerability of imatinib in patients with increased cholestasis parameters are not yet available.	2
The mean CAPD dialysance was only 5.27 ml/min with less than 1% of an administered dose being recovered in the 24-hour dialysate.	2
PTLD appears to be different in its pathogenesis from that of PCNSL which occurs anew in the brain of these patients.	2
NEH occurs most frequently in patients receiving chemotherapy for haematologic malignancies.	2
She experienced cardiac arrest and died 72 hours after receiving chemotherapy.	2
Initial laboratory studies showed severe hypophosphatemia and elevated alkaline phosphatase and serum 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D levels.	2
The development of rickets as a complication of chemotherapy for the treatment of Wilms' tumor.	2
Phenytoin levels were measured and found to be grossly elevated at 170 mmol/L.	2
The clinical activity of sirolimus in PEComa additionally strengthens the pathobiologic similarities linking PEComas to other neoplasms related to the tuberous sclerosis complex.	2
Clinical, laboratory (absence of others markers of hepatic disease), and histological findings seem to rule out common causes of hepatic disease.	2
We report 3 cases in whom aspirin was indicated for secondary prophylaxis of myocardial infarction but in whom a remote history of an untoward reaction to it prevented its initial use.	2
BACKGROUND: It has been proposed that the innate immune system plays a central role in driving the autoimmune T-cell cascade leading to psoriasis; however, there is no direct evidence for this.	2
The drug was prescribed for transient ischemic cerebrovascular accidents.	2
Leflunomide was started.	2
Capsule endoscopy showed bleeding diffuse angiodysplasia of the small bowel.	2
Trigeminal trophic syndrome (TTS) is an exceedingly rare complication following injury to the trigeminal ganglion, characterized by painless ulcerations, which has only rarely been reported with intraoral features.	2
Myoclonic movements were noted when the patient arrived at the outpatient infusion center to begin his intermittent dobutamine infusion, and he was sent to the emergency department, where he was treated with calcium gluconate, regular insulin, and lorazepam and was instructed to stop his potassium supplements; he then received his dobutamine infusion.	2
The case demonstrates features of leukostasis which are peculiar to the 'retinoic acid syndrome'.	2
DISCUSSION: This case shows that a clinically significant interaction between bosentan and warfarin may exist.	2
A sweat test using pilocarpine iontophoresis revealed a marked reduction in the sweat response, which suggested a postganglionic sweating dysfunction.	2
Approximately 2 weeks after surgery, the patient was referred to Stanford University, with 20/400 visual acuity in the left eye and a stromal infiltrate posterior to the flap.	2
Whitish papules on the palm.	2
The present case report depicts the management of a patient with persistent idiopathic facial pain following the placement of 2 dental implants in the mandibular anterior alveolar ridge.	2
The need for open-lung biopsy in patients with classic manifestations of LAM is also questioned, especially with the advent of high-resolution CT scanning, the nonspecificity of hormonal receptors with regard to response to therapy, and the possible need for subsequent lung transplantation.	2
Reconciling theory and practice.	2
Four of five patients with ALL achieved a complete remission (CR) (including the bcr/abl case) while among patients with AML only the one with APML achieved CR.	2
Excessive bleeding is a major concern during the administration of thrombolytic therapy.	2
Approximately 4% of his body surface area was involved, and he was diagnosed with PPP after skin biopsy.	2
They no longer need red cell transfusions and have had a normal Hb concentration and normal ferrokinetics.	2
Rhino-orbital zygomycosis secondary to Rhizopus oryzae in a renal transplant recipient successfully treated with liposomal amphotericin B.	2
A 44-year-old man presented to the emergency room with sudden onset of fevers and rigors 7 weeks after renal transplantation.	2
We also report a sixth case, involving an adult with an intramuscular coenurus.	2
The clinical response was reflected by an increase in circulating interleukin (IL) 10 and a decrease in IL-6 and IL-8 serum levels during treatment.	2
During four courses of chemotherapy for a disseminated testicular seminoma a 30-year-old man developed three arterial occlusive events and one silent myocardial infarction.	2
Blood gas analysis revealed a respiratory acidosis.	2
Emerging school-based methodologies are discussed with recommendations for future efforts.	2
Normal urinary Na excretion without hypotension or hemoconcentration negated the possibility of dehydration resulting from urinary Na loss.	2
Symptoms resolved when systemic corticosteroids were administered.	2
However, since maternal death has occurred with postpartum vulvar edema, the patient with vulvar edema merits special attention.	2
Increased awareness of DIC as a diagnostic possibility may enable prompt recognition and medical intervention in affected patients.	2
A comorbid diagnosis of Parkinson's disease in schizophrenia was confirmed in this way.	2
A patient is described who developed a systolic murmur soon after she was administered intravenous thrombolytic therapy for acute myocardial infarction.	2
We believe that the infection was due to asymptomatic ethmoid sinusitis.	2
CLB and N-CLB plasma level dosages and molecular analysis may be useful when a poor metabolic condition is suspected.	2
The anti-epileptic agent trimethadione was given orally to 30 outpatients at a dose of 0.9-1.5 g daily.	2
The implications for the long-term effects of phenelzine treatment are considered.	2
In addition to PIA1 platelet antibodies, this patient had an associated anamnestic recall of multispecific red cell and lymphocytotoxic antibodies.	2
At the age of 14 months a diagnosis of congenital adrenal hyperplasia was made and treatment with dexamethasone (0.125 to 0.25 mg/day) resulted in a fall-off in growth rate, normal advancement in bone age, decrease in virilization and suppression of 17- ketosteroid excretion which continued until 4 3/12 years of age when virilization increased.	2
Aortic transgraft hemorrhage after systemic thrombolytic therapy.	2
One major source of risk to patients is intraarterial or intraneural injections.	2
A case report.	2
Confidence and conditional confidence levels for the preferred decision are derived from gaussian theory, and the mutual information index that identifies probabilistically important tree variables is provided.	2
Persistent loss of tyrosine hydroxylase immunoreactivity in the substantia nigra after neuroleptic withdrawal.	2
Palliative radiation therapy was given.	2
The median age of patients was 61 years.	2
Eight of the children were exposed to lead-based paint, with seven due to dust from sanded lead paint during house renovations.	2
The drug was used topically, by installation and irrigation, in this case and administered orally in doses of up to 1 200 mg daily, for 6 months.	2
We concluded that flumazenil can antagonize the sedative effects of promethazine at these receptors to return the patient to a wakeful state.	2
Case report.	2
Screening serologic tests for autoantibodies including antinuclear antibodies, antidouble-stranded DNA, anti-SS-A, anti-SS-B and anti-Sm were all negative.	2
A percutaneous liver biopsy obtained from one of the patients showed ultrastructural abnormalities consistent with a toxic hepatitis and hepatic congestion.	2
CONCLUSIONS: In selected patients, a continuous infusion of haloperidol may be a useful alternative for control of agitation and delirium.	2
Five patients underwent botulinum toxin injection into the insertion of the levator and tensor veli palatini muscles.	2
A patient with idiopathic thrombocytopenia purpura who was treated with high dosage corticosteroids for ten years, developed 18 separate lesions of avascular necrosis in 12 different bones.	2
He stated he was fit and well and denied taking any medications.	2
Percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy is a safe and easy method and carries a low mortality and complication rate.	2
We report a case of pulmonary toxoplasmosis after heart transplant despite the prophylactic anti-toxoplasmic treatment that was given but was not sufficient to prevent toxoplasmosis.	2
Historically, coagulation screening has not been routinely recommended after organophosphate intoxications.	2
Early surgical intervention, as well as appropriate antimicrobial therapy, is usually necessary.	2
DESIGN: Case series.	2
The pulmonary emboli were thought to be associated with her oral contraceptive, which was discontinued at hospital admission.	2
Neutropenia-wise and pound-foolish: safe and effective chemotherapy in massively obese patients.	2
Few published human data are available concerning the acute toxicity of the new antiepileptic drug oxcarbazepine of which the metabolite 10- monohydroxy derivate (MHD) is the pharmacologically effective compound.	2
Complete remission of nephrotic syndrome (NS) occurred in two patients, partial remission in one patient, while treatment was inefficacious in one (data not available for one patient).	2
Antibodies to native or ultraviolet-irradiated DNA were not demonstrated.	2
There is evidence that corneal calcifications are correlated with chronically administered phosphate-buffered eye drops (P<0.005).	2
Eight patients with myelodysplastic syndromes (MDS) and four patients with aplastic anemia (AA) were treated with recombinant erythropoietin (rEpo) to investigate its effect on the anemia of these patients.	2
INTRODUCTION: Fever of unknown origin is a complex problem in dialysis patients with recently rejected renal allografts, due to the contribution of the newly withheld immunosuppressive agents to the immunosuppression of uremia, resulting in an atypical presentation of infections, a main cause of fever in these cases.	2
The skin was hard, shiny and hairless.	2
OBJECTIVE: Somatostatin and its analogs have recently been introduced in the treatment of chylous effusions in infants and children following surgery.	2
In August 2005, he was admitted to a medical facility in the local community with upper gastrointestinal bleeding, and received several units of blood and blood products.	2
We report a case of acute popliteal artery occlusion after arthroscopic posterior cruciate ligament reconstruction.	2
Today hairy leukoplakia has come to represent a sign of immunosuppression and not just of HIV infection.	2
Long lasting recurrent familiar transient global amnesia after betablocker treatment withdrawal: case report.	2
Incidence of myopathy in patients treated with antimalarials.	2
The following day the vulvar edema had increased and spread to the sacrum.	2
Sudan IV staining indicated many lipid droplets in follicular cells.	2
'Maqianzi' (the dried ripe seed of Strychnos nux-vomica L.) contains 1.0-1.4% each of strychnine and brucine.	2
The reported risk for developing acute leukemia after treatment of ovarian cancer ranges from 21 to 175 times that of the general population with a prevalence range in treated patients of 0.8 to 2.7%.	2
The posterior hyaloid became taut and partially detached after the third injection and was almost completely detached 1 year later.	2
On December 18, 2007, she was admitted to the cardiology unit to undergo a pacemaker replacement.	2
Histologic examination showed in both cases epithelioid granulomas in close relation with scattered pigment.	2
No patients in group 1 had marked bridging fibrosis or cirrhosis, compared with 4 of 10 patients in group 2.	2
3,4-Diaminopyridine (3,4-DAP) given alone or combined with pyridostigmine is the recommended basic therapy in the Lambert-Eaton myasthenic syndrome (LEMS).	2
All patients tolerated the treatment well with no residual effects from the electric pulses.	2
The patient underwent coronary stenting without any immediate signs of complications.	2
The symptoms disappeared when desipramine was discontinued and in one case returned when desipramine treatment was reinitiated.	2
Unique to these three cases was profound granulocytopenia and the culturing of Pseudomonas aeruginosa in both the blood and necrotic perineal-scrotal tissue.	2
Treatment is mainly discontinuation of the drug, however, corticosteroid therapy is recommended for severe reactions.	2
An urgent brain computed tomographic scan showed hemorrhage in the right cerebellum and subarachnoid region.	2
APOLT restored the plasma FH level, without HUS recurrence, for 7 months.	2
Fatal stroke in migraine: a case report with autopsy findings.	2
However, in spite of the early successful treatment with dantrolene the MH reaction recurred 12 h after the initial symptoms.	2
Although Sweet's syndrome and SPE are rare diseases, the presence of these diseases must be considered when performing chemotherapy for urological malignancy.	2
MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Clinical signs and symptoms of ITB withdrawal of varying severity were assessed by vital signs (temperature, heart rate), physical examination (reflexes, tone, clonus), and patient report of symptoms (itching, nausea, headache, malaise).	2
All symptoms disappeared soon after stopping the drugs, though in two cases the papilloedema persisted for many months.	2
Pulmonary aspergillosis masquerading as progressive post-transplant lymphoma.	2
The major adverse reactions of antithyroid drugs are hematologic; aplastic anemia (AA) is one of the rarest and most severe complications.	2
The patient was started on increasing doses of levothyroxine for subclinical hypothyroidism.	2
Diagnostic imaging showed restricted diffusion and fluid-attenuated inversion recovery imaging findings were normal at presentation.	2
The reason for occurrence of cutaneous reactions in interferon treated patients is unknown.	2
Vomiting occurred even with small doses of enzymes disguised in food.	2
A patient with pemphigus vulgaris and serious side effects of steroid therapy was treated by exchange plasmapheresis.	2
The colonic lesion was conveniently removed and the histology evaluation confirmed the diagnosis of adenocarcinoma tubular.	2
This article reviews current human and veterinary literature regarding the microbiology, pathogenesis, and treatment of nocardiosis and reports on the successful treatment of systemic nocardiosis in two dogs.	2
Raised intraocular pressure and glaucoma have rarely been associated with use of periorbital corticosteroids for dermatological conditions such as blepharitis and eczema.	2
Fungal infections were more likely to be associated with abdominal devices, to have a local rather than systemic infection, and to have a longer duration from the original implant to presentation.	2
We report here a case of delirium that occurred after discontinuation of glucocorticoid therapy.	2
In lead intoxication, nerves may incur mechanical damage.	2
Hepatic angiosarcoma associated with androgenic-anabolic steroids.	2
In addition, a shorter hospital stay and improved quality of life are anticipated.	2
The treatment of visceral leishmaniasis (VL) may be complicated by drug toxicity or intolerance, and by drug resistance.	2
Complications were minimal and included minor urticarial reactions and intermittent fever.	2
Due to the severity of the disease it was necessary to treat this patient with corticosteroids and immunosuppressors.	2
Excessive level of parathyroid hormone may induce the reduction of recombinant human erythropoietin effect on renal anemia.	2
Primary cutaneous coccidioidomycosis was diagnosed.	2
The possible underlying neurotransmitter mechanisms, predisposing factors and clinical implications of this rare adverse event are discussed.	2
Motor cortex excitability was studied by single and paired TMS and MEPs were recorded from FDI.	2
However, the increasing dose intensity has not significantly improved the event-free survival.	2
Stenotrophomonas maltophilia (previously named Xanthomonas maltophilia) is an aerobic, nonfermentive, Gram-negative bacillus that is widespread in the environment.	2
The visual acuity and the RPE atrophy remained stable over the follow-up period of 3 years.	2
We describe the clinical course of an EBV seronegative 11-yr-old boy who underwent double lung transplantation and subsequently developed PTLD in the graft.	2
These patients had robust responses to pramipexole augmentation of their treatment regimen.	2
Two patients did not receive corticosteroids or parenteral nutrition.	2
During the past 2 years since new legislation for organ transplantation from brain-dead donors came into effect in Japan, 3 cardiac transplants have been carried out, 2 of which were performed at the National Cardiovascular Center (NCVC).	2
Skin tests with methotrexate were not performed because their diagnostic value is controversial.	2
Imatinib-induced tumor lysis syndrome: report of a case and review of the literature.	2
The cases demonstrate that ECT has significant but short-lived antipsychotic effects when used alone.	2
Four weeks later, a coronary arteriogram showed only minimal luminal irregularities at the original site of occlusion, where significant reduction in diameter could be induced by ergonovine maleate.	2
Further studies are needed to confirm this association and to determine whether inhaled adrenergic agents also contribute to the development of this disorder.	2
The addition of ADV was efficient to treat LAM-resistant HBV.	2
All the alternative medications for rheumatological patients are significantly more toxic than HCQ.	2
The patient received neoadjuvant chemotherapy for osteosarcoma and a left femur resection with endoprosthesis replacement.	2
The patient was intubated with ventilator support and improved after his metabolic acidosis resolved.	2
It should be considered for use before benzoin because once allergy to benzoin exists, cross-reactions to Mastisol usually occur.	2
We report two cases of septic knee arthritis.	2
Its etiology has still not yet been fully resolved.	2
Danaparoid was withheld during this time.	2
This rise was halved over the next 8 days.	2
Reversal of intractable acute severe asthma by first-trimester termination of pregnancy.	2
AIMS: To investigate the combination of raltitrexed and mitomycin-C as first-line chemotherapy treatment in patients with advanced colorectal cancer.	2
Glatiramer acetate is administered by subcutaneous injection once daily.	2
We report a case in which the duration of action of 1 mg of vecuronium lasted 4 hours in a patient with severe preeclampsia whose serum magnesium level was in the therapeutic range.	2
We conclude that these agents should be used with great care in patients in whom atherosclerotic vascular disease is likely.	2
Systemic lupus erythematosus and acute pancreatitis: a case series.	2
Eighteen hours after chemotherapy she was noted to have hyperuricemia, hyperkalemia, hyperphosphatemia, hypocalcemia, and acute renal failure.	2
His symptoms resolved within 2 weeks of discontinuing the isoniazid.	2
We report a case of immune reconstitution syndrome in response to antiretroviral therapy in a HIV-positive patient on antituberculosis therapy for multidrug-resistant tuberculosis.	2
These lesions even worsened for some weeks after interruption of cabergoline, which may possibly be related to the prolonged action of this drug.	2
Angioimmunoblastic lymphadenopathy with retinitis and drug related exacerbations: a clinicopathological case study.	2
Two other members of the family who were on treatment for tuberculosis but had not taken isoniazid on the day of the episode were unaffected by the same meal.	2
Post-transplant EBV-related lymphoproliferative disorder complicating umbilical cord blood transplantation in patients of adrenoleukodystrophy.	2
He was initially diagnosed with chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) and treated with six cycles of fludarabine, cyclophosphamide, and rituximab chemotherapy.	2
Follow-up ECG showed improvement in ST-segment elevation and eventual resolution to pre-event tracing; cardiac enzymes showed slight elevations.	2
In addition, this case underscores the importance of communication between physician and patient and the resulting toxicity related to miscommunication.	2
In each case, control was achieved rapidly after initiation and titration of a continuous haloperidol infusion.	2
The temporal sequence suggests that the drug infusion initiated the lung injury.	2
Here we report two cases with HBV carrier status and with non-Hodgkin's lymphoma who were successfully treated with high-dose chemotherapy followed by autologous peripheral blood stem cell transplantation with the administration of lamivudine to prevent HBV flare-up.	2
Subfulminant syncytial giant cell hepatitis: recurrence after liver transplantation treated with ribavirin.	2
Here, we report an 11-year-old girl with bilateral florid verrucous lesions on her hands, feet and chin, which were refractory to a number of standard treatments including cryotherapy, cantharidin preparations, topical salicylic acid, surgical debulking techniques, oral Cimetidine, and topical and intralesional Cidofovir.	2
Bladder contracture: review for intravesical bacillus Calmette-Guerin complication.	2
Poor hygiene and insufficient disinfection may be major risk factors for Acanthameoba keratitis in cosmetic contact lens wearers.	2
After diagnosis by transesophageal echocardiography, the patient was treated with recombinant tissue plasminogen activator through a central venous catheter advanced into the right atrium.	2
Recommendations that may help prevent these adverse systemic effects in premature infants include: (1) avoidance of excess subconjunctival anesthetic doses, (2) preoperative administration of systemic atropine to minimize the oculocardiac reflex, (3) consideration of an analgesic agent to decrease the pain and exhaustion, and (4) cardiorespiratory monitoring in a hospital setting, with an intravenous line in place, at the time of treatment.	2
Therapy was adjusted as required on the basis of BCG sensitivity results.	2
BACKGROUND: Diverse complications have been reported in association with the growth and medical treatment of uterine leiomyomata.	2
In one of these cases, the patient, a 47-year-old man, died 10 days later.	2
Desquamative interstitial pneumonitis complicating inflammatory bowel disease of childhood.	2
Following the improvement of the symptoms of SJS, he received alternate-day oral prednisolone without any cutaneous eruption.	2
Their diagnoses were: chemotaxis defect, cellular immunodeficiency, combined immunodeficiency and chronic granulomatous disease (CGD).	2
The CYP2D6 phenotype, determined when the patient received the antidepressant comedication, characterized a poor metabolizer status (dextromethorphan metabolic ratio >0.3), despite a heterozygous genotype containing a wild-type allele with extensive metabolic capacity and a mutant non-functional allele (CYP2D6*1A/CYP2D6*4A).	2
Later, she began treatment with mirtazapine.	2
These malignancies may represent either a new clonal disorder or a complication of drug treatment.	2
Advantages of treatment of hypertension with Minoxidil.	2
Simple-blind oral challenge tests with amoxicillin (1 g) and cefuroxime (500 mg) were well-tolerated by both patients.	2
Fever in dialysis patients with recently rejected renal allografts.	2
The management of the patient's withdrawal symptoms is described.	2
Central serous chorioretinopathy complicating systemic corticosteroid treatment.	2
Transplant recipients are at highest risk during the first 3 months posttransplant.	2
Rescue of haemopoiesis by a combination of growth factors including stem-cell factor.	2
The self-administered therapy resulted in a severe cell-mediated immunodeficiency (as expressed by a nadir CD4 lymphocyte count of 2 cells/muL).	2
RESULTS: The patient was treated with aggressive hydration, allopurinol, and repeated hemodialysis.	2
A pituitary adenoma was removed, vision recovered, and the pregnancy completed successfully.	2
The objective was to determine the effects of cholesterol-lowering agents on neurologic features and to develop a noninvasive method of monitoring clinical response.	2
The clinical course of a 9-year-old diagnosed with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, obsessive-compulsive disorder, and Tourette's disorder and treated with a combination of methylphenidate, clonidine, and fluoxetine is described.	2
He presented symptoms of hemiparesis 3 days after the operation.	2
The patient required s.c. epinephrine and i.v. diphenhydramine, methylprednisolone, and ranitidine.	2
All children showed a major clinical improvement within three months despite concomitant reduction of the prednisone dose.	2
Especially in small prostates, care should be taken to avoid this condition.	2
Necropsy findings indicated that the pancreatic adenocarcinoma had metastasized to surrounding tissues and vessels, which was not unexpected given the high grade assigned to the neoplasm during histologic analysis.	2
However, the impact of cytomegalovirus on PTLD remains to be determined.	2
St Jude's Total XIII protocol was started.	2
A case is reported of a subphrenic abscess 12 months post-laparoscopic cholecystectomy in a 72-year-old male with identification of Actinomyces meyeri and the oropharyngeal commensal Klebsiella ozaenae.	2
Ventriculo-peritoneal shunting led to complete reversal of hydrocephalus with progressive disappearance of the acute encephalopathy.	2
BACKGROUND: Propafenone, a class IC antiarrhythmic, and citalopram, a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI), are widely used in older patients.	2
Profound muscle weakness of lower extremities with inability to stand up and/or walk was present.	2
The use of antithymocyte globulin in the treatment of severe aplastic anemia in children.	2
Amiodarone was approved to treat recurrent ventricular fibrillation or sustained ventricular tachyarrhythmia that has been resistant to other medications since 1986.	2
Clinical and laboratory signs of liver injury resolved over the next few days, with a return to baseline levels of AST and ALT levels over the subsequent months.	2
Primary biliary cirrhosis and polymyositis.	2
The reversible posterior leukoencephalopathy syndrome (RPLES) is a condition characterised by reversible neurological and radiological findings that has been associated with use of immunosuppressive, chemotherapeutic and more recently novel targeted therapies.	2
Pegylated liposomal doxorubicin (PLD) is a chemotherapeutic agent used in the treatment of solid tumors.	2
During intensive care, including steroid-pulse therapy, the patient developed rapidly progressive anemia caused by active bleeding from his small intestine, resulting in resection of 20 cm of ileum.	2
Sudden onset of erythroderma gave rise to a temporary arrest of the function of nail matrix with the resultant Beau's lines.	2
Glatiramer acetate (copolymer 1, Copaxone) is a mixture of synthetic polypeptides and is used for the treatment of multiple sclerosis.	2
We report the case of a 23-year-old woman with diffuse large-cell lymphoma who received an accidental overdose of this chemotherapeutic regimen.	2
Improvement both clinically and by objective assessment, was observed on intravenous CyA therapy, but was not sustained when the drug was given orally for several months.	2
Severe autologous GVHD after hematopoietic progenitor cell transplantation for multiple myeloma.	2
Laboratory studies were notable for hypothyroidism.	2
A 2-day-old newborn was treated with tolazoline for persistent pulmonary hypertension due to meconium aspiration syndrome.	2
A case is reported of a metastatic gestational choriocarcinoma in a 25-year old woman.	2
Four years after achieving CR, she developed complicated life-threatening pulmonary infections with methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus epidermidis and Aspergillus niger during outpatient care.	2
Application of the Naranjo probability scale categorized this adverse reaction as being probably due to LMWH.	2
On arrival in the hospital 1 hour later, she complained of muscle pain and tiredness.	2
Here we report on a patient with schizophrenia who suffered from medication-refractory coprophagia.	2
We found TPO and platelet responses to be generally antagonistic through all cycles.	2
In all cases lithium levels were between .75 and 1.7 mEq/liter.	2
Our experience reveals that patients who do not have heart failure or do not use insulin also can develop moderate-to-severe edema that necessitates discontinuation of the thiazolidinedione.	2
This is the first use of G-CSF in a paediatric renal transplant recipient, and its use should be considered for the immunosuppressed child with persistent neutropenia.	2
Six patients were identified.	2
This report may aid in the decision of imatinib being given under close surveillance to this kind of patients.	2
There are eight reported cases in the literature.	2
CONCLUSION: Routine implementation of computed tomography for 3D dose planning purposes is therefore advocated.	2
The treatment continued with follow-ups every 15 days.	2
This patient recovered after aggressive supportive therapy including intravenous alkali and fluid administration as well as continuous venovenous hemodiafiltration.	2
An interaction between cytostatic and anticonvulsant drugs.	2
Disseminated Trichosporon infection.	2
On reduction of the intrathecal baclofen dose, complete return to baseline sexual function was achieved for both subjects.	2
Serum gadolinium levels were measured 1 hour after the gadolinium administration, then at 24 and 48 hours after PD was initiated.	2
These preliminary data suggest that low-dose cidofovir may be tolerated, even among renal transplant recipients with significant renal dysfunction due to BKVN.	2
Recurrent portopulmonary hypertension after liver transplantation: management with epoprostenol and resolution after retransplantation.	2
These effects are mainly due to the thrombolysis of macroscopic blood clots and the amelioration of microcirculatory reperfusion.	2
beta-Lactam therapy was initiated with vancomycin, cefepime, and metronidazole and, upon identification of methicillin-sensitive Staphylococcus aureus bacteremia 4 days later, therapy was narrowed to cefazolin 1 g every 12 hours.	2
Huge prosthetic mitral valve thrombus: use of serial transesophageal echocardiography guidance in resolution.	2
Many women are diagnosed with early stage breast cancer each year who are potential candidates for adjuvant therapy.	2
Despite appropriate therapy, the microangiopathic process was irreversible and the patient died.	2
Autopsy revealed scarring contraction and dilatation of the trachea and bronchi, acquired bronchiectasis, lobular pneumonia, bleeding, hyperaemia and oedema of the lungs.	2
Energy-dispersive X-ray microanalysis showed the presence of several metals not seen in normal bone.	2
The histological morphology of AILD-type T-cell lymphoma shows proliferation of small, arborizing high endothelial venules.	2
Linezolid, the first approved oxazolidinone, appears to be a promising new agent for the treatment of serious Gram-positive infections.	2
We describe the case of a 56-year-old man who had high aminotransferase levels and anti-hepatitis C virus (HCV) antibodies.	2
Acute myeloid leukaemia was diagnosed 4 and 5 years after G-CSF mobilisation in two donors who underwent peripheral blood stem cell donation for sibling allogeneic haematopoietic stem cell transplantation.	2
We report six cases of endometrial sarcomas complicating ovarian thecomas, polycystic ovarian disease, or prolonged estrogen therapy.	2
In the present study, arsenic trioxide was given intravenously for 42 days to a 56-year-old female patient suffering from chemotherapy/ATRA-resistant APL, with 43% APL blasts in the bone marrow and elevated D-dimers.	2
Based on these survival data the administration of concomitant cisplatin and radiotherapy has become standard of care for nasopharyngeal carcinoma in the USA.	2
The aim of this study is to draw attention to the adverse effects of henna, applied over the whole body, observed in glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) enzyme deficient siblings.	2
Both infiltrates initially improved on topical antibiotic therapy, but over the next 18 days, 1 infiltrate worsened and repeat cultures were performed, which demonstrated A fumigatus.	2
An 81-year-old female presented to her local emergency department (ED) with symptoms of bronchitis and was treated with nebulized bronchodilators.	2
A painful gum.	2
In patients who show abnormal liver function tests, the immediate discontinuation of gliclazide is recommended.	2
We calculated the changes in alpha(1)-adrenoceptor occupancy by endogenous norepinephrine during treatment with the usual doses of milnacipran, fluvoxamine and imipramine by using pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic parameters obtained from the literature.	2
CD4 count was 326 +/- 124 cells/mL (range, 198-467) and all patients presented HIV viral load < 75 copes/mL.	2
However, we postulate that a delayed perforation of the bladder might occur due to the cytotoxic effect to the bladder tissue of the instilled drugs.	2
Permanent complete relief or pronounced improvement of the dyskinesias was observed at a dosage of 5 mg prednisolone/day.	2
The liver had zolpidem present at a concentration of 4.74 microg/g, and the gastric contents had a total of 172 mg zolpidem.	2
Our cases include a 35-year-old woman with (sub)fulminant hepatitis, a 67-year-old woman with macronodular cirrhosis, and a 68-year-old man with severe chronic active hepatitis and cirrhosis, with positivity of anti-smooth muscle antibodies.	2
Desensitization with methotrexate was successful and allowed the patient to complete 12 additional courses of chemotherapy.	2
The clinical course and results of renal biopsy studies suggest multiple causes of the renal lesions in this patient.	2
She has been admitted with non-productive cough, dyspnoea and fever 11 months after the initiation of combination therapy.	2
Sirolimus (rapamycin) and everolimus are immunosuppressive agents that inhibit cardiac allograft vasculopathy.	2
Safety and efficacy of S-1 chemotherapy in recurrent/metastatic head and neck cancer.	2
The renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system appears to play an important initiating role in the pathogenesis of hypertension in patients with autosomal-dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD).	2
The latter dialysate was prepared by adding sodium phosphate salts to the "base concentrate" of a dual-concentrate, bicarbonate-based dialysate delivery system.	2
Two of the patients (1 and 3) are from a multicentre trial of adjuvant chemotherapy for gastric carcinoma.	2
An increased incidence of different malignancies associated to chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) has been reported.	2
Studies in the father suggest that the aldosterone production by his adrenals is hyperresponsive to adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH).	2
Effectiveness of milnacipran for the treatment of chronic pain: a case series.	2
Notwithstanding these facts our findings suggest that these patients might benefit from relatively mild initial treatment, especially true for patients not previously exposed to this drug.	2
Treatment of antithyroid drug-induced agranulocytosis by granulocyte colony-stimulating factor: a case of primum non nocere.	2
Empirical therapy with antibiotics and conventional amphotericin B failed to resolve the infection.	2
Despite the lowest plasma osmolality, detectable levels of circulating ADH were present.	2
Multiple pancreatic abscesses due to Candida albicans following ERCP.	2
He received dimercaprol (BAL) and calcium disodium edetate (CaEDTA) for two five days session.	2
Dose deflation of psychotropics was feasible in 35 subjects (74.5%).	2
The signs and symptoms of intracranial pathology in patients with dural puncture headache, in addition to their postural headache, are discussed.	2
Eleven consecutive JW adult patients with acute leukaemia, all of whom had been denied care in other institutions, were treated at the European Institute of Oncology (EIO) in Milan, Italy.	2
Clinical manifestations and therapy of Lactobacillus endocarditis: report of a case and review of the literature.	2
The patient reported in this case differs significantly from the two cases reported in the literature because he had normal renal function, no previous exposure to ACE inhibitors, the reaction was of late onset, and the symptoms recurred.	2
Although she immediately improved following abortion (within 2 hr, peak airway pressure fell from > 70 to 38 cmH2O, without change in plateau pressure), superimposed morbidities improved more slowly, and the patient made a complete recovery.	2
To our knowledge, broken heart syndrome after opioid withdrawal has not been reported previously in an adult.	2
The likelihood of an acute respiratory reaction during treatment may therefore depend on the bacillary load, the extent of lung disease present, and its severity may be related to the pre-treatment immune status of the patient.	2
Since fondaparinux use in patients undergoing PCI has been associated with an increased risk for catheter-related thrombosis, the use of fondaparinux in PCI patients should be limited.	2
These symptoms were unresponsive to conventional analgesic and antibiotic treatments.	2
On discontinuation of the drug, serum CK concentrations returned to normal within eight days.	2
She was treated with intravenous fluids and discharged.	2
Kidney biopsy revealed ischemic glomeruli and focal segmental glomerulosclerosis lesion.	2
Cerebral dysfunction predated the development of minimal diabetic complications and had been apparent for between 1 and 17 years.	2
Arterial hypotension, which improved with inotropic agents, was the only complication that seemed related to the inhaled anaesthetic.	2
Here, we report a 73-year-old male hydrocephalic patient who had undergone uneventful V-P shunt surgery 9 years ago.	2
It is suggested this relationship is causal rather than coincidental and mediated through cerebral arterial vasodilatation.	2
RESULTS: During the study periods, 1998 cases of endoscopic sinus surgery were identified where topical 1:1000 epinephrine was used.	2
His wound cultures continued to be negative.	2
Six amino acid mutations were located in the 'a' determinant, including P120T, K122R, M133T, F134L, D144A and G145A.	2
Both patients recovered immediately without any signs of adverse effects and the two shunt systems have now been working properly for more than 36 and 21 months, respectively.	2
The findings may indicate the spectral nature of the reaction phenomena in leprosy and emphasize the importance of the clinic-pathological correlation for proper classification.	2
Good correlation existed between peak concentrations and AUC (r = 0.866; P less than 0.001).	2
One year later, she experienced a fatal hepatitis B virus (HBV) reactivation.	2
However, it is possible that the previous antipsychotic exposure could have created a sensitising or priming effect on the striatum.	2
Elective surgery days after myocardial infarction: clinical and ethical considerations.	2
On the 3rd day after a cesarean section, because of pre-eclampsia, blood pressure was still high, oral labetalol 100 mg with an 8-hour interval was given, followed by 50 mg i.v. administered over 10 min, twice with a 5-hour interval.	2
Pharmacokinetic modeling suggested that the patient's initial over-treatment was as reported and that the predicted maximum serum concentration of chloroquine (902 micro g/L) was within the range seen in fatal chloroquine overdose.	2
Here, we present illustrative case histories to educate the reader on evaluation and management of this complex syndrome.	2
By the 10th ICU day, the patient's respiratory and mental status improved and the patient was successfully extubated.	2
The increased interest in the use of neoadjuvant chemotherapy for patients with locally advanced or large tumors at initial presentation necessitates the recognition of sequelae of this therapy.	2
Conversion of ischemic to hemorrhagic infarction has been shown to occur experimentally.	2
It is concluded that treatment with hCG/LH may favour seizure onset in the presence of potentially epileptogenic lesions such as an intracranial dermoid cyst.	2
METHODS: The medical records of 8 neonates treated with rFVIIa (100 micro g/kg) were retrospectively reviewed for the course of hemorrhage and the hemostatic interventions performed before and up to 24 hours after the administration rFVIIa.	2
Reported herein are two NMS patients with schizophrenia who were found to possess a CYP2D6 gene deletion allele (CYP2D6*5).	2
PURPOSE: To report a case of Acanthamoeba infection following LASIK.	2
BACKGROUND: Orbital cellulitis after strabismus surgery is uncommon, may cause blindness and may lead to death.	2
The clinical picture was characterized by visual hallucinations, agitation, anxiety, but no disorientation, and a severe cerebello-myoclonic syndrome with total inability to stand up and walk, which was fully reversible on discontinuing the medication.	2
INTERPRETATION: Our study highlights clearly that valuable differences between ADR reports from patients and reports from healthcare professionals exist.	2
Suicide associated with corticosteroid use during chemotherapy: case report.	2
University teaching hospital.	2
This case and others indicate that caution should be exercised in administering IFN because low doses can be correlated with myasthenia gravis in patients without malignancies.	2
The pertinent literature on ergotism is reviewed, and it is emphasized that ergotism may develop in patients on therapeutic doses of the drug.	2
Subsequently, the patient again became severely leukopenic (WBC count 2.4 x 10(3)/microL).	2
These cases demonstrate that therapy for disseminated MAC infection is sometimes difficult even with HAART and macrolides-containing regimens.	2
At this time most of the DGTX in serum was FAB-bound.	2
At 29 months of age, she developed diarrhea with bulky stools and weight loss.	2
Discontinuation of the therapeutic agent led to the amelioration of the clinical profile in all the patients whereas a patient died 40 d after hospital admission due to sepsis, despite acute liver disease improvement.	2
Both patients completely recovered after transient pancytopenia, but showed severe and intermediate neutropenia (0.216 and 0.768 x 10(9)/l, respectively) at the nadirs of aplastic crises.	2
Her plasma cesium level was 2400 microg/dl (normal < 1 microg/dl), and her family was told to stop her alternative treatment regimen.	2
We report the case of a 2-year-old boy with seizures who developed hepatic failure shortly after commencing sodium valproate.	2
The tyrosine kinase activity and its effects represent a potential pharmacologic target of tyrosine kinase inhibitors, such as imatinib.	2
Recombinant human growth hormone (rhGH) therapy in Prader-Willi syndrome (PWS) causes increased basal metabolic rate and oxygen consumption, and hence increased ventilatory load.	2
OBJECTIVE: To present a case of neonatal adrenal suppression due to the use of high-dose methylprednisolone in late pregnancy of a woman with Crohn's disease.	2
This case also constitutes an experimental model.	2
In addition, aggressive supportive measures to manage renal failure (hemodialysis) and labile hypertension, allowed this patient to have an extended survival as a result of successful therapy for this complication despite an underlying rapidly fatal malignancy.	2
People who become dependent on these mixtures commonly do not present for medical assistance until the problem is severe.	2
Transient TRH deficiency after prolonged thyroid hormone therapy.	2
Total resection revealed that the lesions were composed entirely of fatty tissue.	2
To our knowledge, their occurrence in the same patient has not hitherto been described.	2
Trans-catheter hepatic arterial injection of lipiodol soluble anti-cancer agent SMANCS and ADR suspension in lipiodol combined with arterial embolization and local hyperthermia for treatment of hepatocellular carcinoma.	2
There was no previous history of seizure disorder and he was on no other medications.	2
An adverse reaction to the acute administration of sublingual nifedipine is reported.	2
All patients were under immunosuppressive therapy.	2
Pre-treatment evaluation for the presence of arterial shunts to neighbouring organs should be determined in order to avoid complications of SIRT.	2
We reviewed all cases of RS reported to the Michigan Department of Public Health during 1982 and 1983.	2
The subsequent conditioning regimen included busulfan 16 mg/kg, Ara-C 12 g/m2 and melphalan 140 mg/m2.	2
Although, a systemic steroid taper was employed in 10 out of the 14 patients before the development of the skin lesions, the subsequent progression of the skin lesions was not influenced by the use of systemic steroid therapy.	2
Though the syndrome was suspected early, attempts at reversing the hematologic and renal abnormalities were unsuccessful.	2
In this case report, we describe a child with biliary atresia who underwent a living LDLT and developed severe coagulopathy after reperfusion of the graft.	2
Withdrawal of lansoprazole lead to prompt and sustained relief.	2
Subsequently, when ferrous sulfate was discontinued, the patient became hyperthyroid while taking the higher dose of thyroid hormone preparation.	2
This article reports the cases of two patients in whom a widespread dermatophyte infection mimicked the cutaneous lesions of their underlying collagen vascular disease.	2
In addition, lipid abnormalities (mainly hypertriglyceridaemia) are also found more frequently in hypertensive patients than in normotensives.	2
Clinical responses were noted within 3 to 7 days of initiation of treatment.	2
The pitfalls of potassium replacement in thyrotoxic periodic paralysis: a case report and review of the literature.	2
INTERVENTIONS: Treatment with aspirin and prednisone in one patient.	2
Atypical haemolytic uraemic syndrome as a complication of induction chemotherapy for acute lymphoblastic leukaemia.	2
On the third day, zafirlukast (20 mg twice daily) was reintroduced to the regimen, and the theophylline therapy was continued.	2
Unlike Corynebacterium jeikeium, which is highly resistant to beta-lactam agents, aminoglycosides, and quinolones, all strains of C. striatum isolated from the patients described in this report were susceptible to vancomycin and aminoglycosides, and all strains except one were susceptible to penicillin G, imipenem, and ciprofloxacin.	2
Postmortem examination showed leukemia infiltration of the liver and spleen.	2
Unlike most reported cases in which vertebral compromise rarely extends to more than two adjacent vertebrae, our patient had extensive compromise of the thoracic spine.	2
In the 27 late cases, Streptococcus species and gram-negative organisms comprised 48% of isolates; of 33 cases of endophthalmitis, 15 (45%) demonstrated no growth on vitreous culture.	2
We describe an 11-year-old girl who presented with widespread erythematous and pustular lesions being treated with topical corticosteroid.	2
We describe the development of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus osteomyelitis of the scaphoid in a 49-year-old man from an infection occurring around a catheter in the radial artery.	2
This regime was well tolerated and we report dramatic resolution of the lesions with persistent clearance 6 months after completion of the fifth infusion.	2
Therefore, bone marrow follow-up is critical for monitoring of response.	2
The patient had complete recovery of neurologic function to his preoperative baseline after the second procedure but required a third procedure in which anterior discectomy and fusion at C4-C5 was performed, which led to improvement of his preoperative symptoms.	2
TB should always be considered as a possible diagnosis when treating febrile immunocompromised patients.	2
Over 20 years, 877 patients with Crohn's disease, 492 women (56.1%) and 385 men (43.9%), were evaluated with patient follow-up data available for a mean of 7.8 years.	2
Animal studies that predated clinical trials using rhesus monkeys did not predict the ophthalmologic complications seen in human subjects.	2
For the first time, an analytical method for the determination of carbachol in plasma and urine has been developed.	2
Mitoxantrone appeared to have no cardiac toxicity.	2
Continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis (CAPD) peritonitis is a common problem in patients on peritoneal dialysis, and the bacteriological diagnosis is important for the treatment of this condition.	2
Seven patients, five male and two female (mean age 75.3+/-4.7 years, range 68-81), diagnosed with DLB were treated with the acetylcholinesterase inhibitor donepezil (5-10 mg once daily) to determine its effect on treating behavioural disorders.	2
The differential diagnosis, risk factors, potential contributing factors, and the successful management of the complications with our positive patient outcome are discussed.	2
We describe a technique for 'single-pass' shunt tunneling from frontal to abdominal incisions and our initial results in a consecutive, prospective series of 15 children (age 2 days to 5 years).	2
The other ten were given Adriamycin without this compression.	2
The remainder of the procedure was uneventful.	2
These features have not been previously associated with infliximab or leflunomide therapy and represent a unique cutaneous hypersensitivity reaction that does not fit any known description of an immune-mediated hypersensitivity reaction.	2
RESULTS: LTG was withheld, and the patient experienced a complete recovery in conjunction with reduced serum levels.	2
The proliferating cells were of T lineage and further typing demonstrated that they bore the OKT8 antigen.	2
This report describes a method of applying photodynamic therapy in the biliary tract by using accessories available in the United States.	2
Aminoglycoside renal mineral wasting has not previously been described in a child.	2
This entity should be kept in mind when evaluating the acute abdomen in the HIV-positive patient.	2
Our experience with surgical management is reported (39 mitral and 5 aortic prosthetic thrombosis from 1982 to 1999 among 89 patients with prosthetic malfunction).	2
Use of the Naranjo adverse drug reaction probability scale indicated a probable association between this patient's reduced A1C levels and erythropoietin therapy.	2
Use of tumor necrosis factor-alpha inhibitors in patients with chronic hepatitis B infection.	2
Amiodarone, a class III antiarrhythmic drug, is one of the most effective drugs used in the treatment of ventricular and paroxysmal supraventricular tachyarrhythmia.	2
Allergic contact and photocontact dermatitis due to psoralens in patients with psoriasis treated with topical PUVA.	2
A lasting change in trazodone response after non-convulsive electroshock therapy for medication-resistant senile depression.	2
3. Multiple myeloma and Hodgkin's disease, both of which commonly have good responses to chemotherapy, predominate as the underlying diseases.	2
The occurrence of this entity is linked to the presence of circulating leukoagglutinins.	2
Three cases of self-inflicted gingival injuries resulting from the improper use of the Keyes technique are presented.	2
BACKGROUND: Reduction amniocentesis is used in cases of severe polyhydramnios to decrease maternal discomfort and the risk of preterm labor.	2
Following 3 months without any symptoms, the patient had total colectomy and ileostomy.	2
The six patients who received mecamylamine only also significantly improved (Wilcoxon signed rank test, p < 0.2).	2
Here, we present an angiosarcoma of the neck occurring after curative chemoradiation.	2
CONCLUSION: We conclude that NIC may be an important treatment option in cases of severe intoxication causing cerebral swelling.	2
The safety and tolerability profile of rFVIIa in bleeding neonates was also evaluated.	2
Objective responses were observed in both basal cell carcinoma (BCC) patients.	2
Liver dysfunction in ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome.	2
In renal transplant patients living in endemic countries, visceral leishmaniasis should be kept in mind as a potential cause of unexplained long-standing fever and considered as an opportunistic infection.	2
In two of the infants, the rhythm was converted to sinus, but the third infant required direct current cardioversion.	2
The patient described here has had to data 12 years without any oncopathological symptoms.	2
The patients treated at our institution have experienced significant side effects.	2
We describe an 82-year-old woman treated with the fluoroquinolone, moxifloxacin, during a course of ECT.	2
A partial empty sella was found on a computed tomography scan of the hypothalamic-pituitary region.	2
Chemotherapy-induced Raynaud's phenomenon leading to acral gangrene has rarely been reported.	2
Three Alzheimer's disease patients with Pisa syndrome were presented.	2
Mild adverse cardiac and central nervous system effects are common with these medications, requiring modifications in dose or occasionally switching to a different medication.	2
A case of necrotizing fasciitis of the vulva arising in a leukemic patient during a chemotherapy nadir is presented.	2
Growth hormone deficiency (GHD) results in salt and water depletion and studies confirm that replacement leads to sodium and vasopressin-mediated water retention in patients with intact posterior pituitary function.	2
Immunoblastic sarcoma is also seen in immunosuppressed patients, and the role of the immunoblast in both of these disorders indicates that they may be related.	2
This case suggests that coronary arterial involvement in systemic lupus erythematosus may be related to coronary arterial spasm.	2
Some chemicals can cause burning in the mucosa of cheeks, lips, tongue, and palate.	2
F VIII plasma activity ranged between 47 and 88%.	2
She had been treated for pulmonary tuberculosis seven years prior to admission.	2
We report a case in a teenage female recently started on oral contraception.	2
Wolff Parkinson White (WPW) syndrome: what the critical care nurse needs to consider when administering antiarrhythmics.	2
Effect of o,p'-DDD on serum and urinary androgens.	2
Infarction and necrosis may be common and incite complications from parasitic vascular attachment, pain and thrombosis.	2
Patch testing with NSAIDs is useful for confirming clinical diagnoses of delayed hypersensitivity to these drugs.	2
Osteonecrosis appears to render the hip more susceptible to hematogenously derived bacterial infection.	2
A case report and review of the literature.	2
It is usually given in an outpatient setting.	2
Treatment with diazepam led to resolution of symptoms within 6 hours, and there was no recurrence at 6 weeks' follow-up.	2
The recovery of the pneumococcal meningitis was complicated by severe neurological impairment.	2
It seems that the anti-cancer agent evoked inflammation at the visceral pleura and the subject inhaled massive air flow into the systemic circulation.	2
We report a case of P. avidum arthritis of the hip with severe sepsis that developed in a 78-year-old woman after intraarticular glucocorticoid treatment for hip osteoarthritis.	2
On the third post-procedural day, the laboratory results showed increases in his uric acid and potassium levels, which were compatible with a tumor lysis syndrome.	2
The platelet count was 221000/mm3, decreased 42% from the initial level, but remained within the normal range.	2
Riluzole is a new drug representing the first active treatment for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.	2
Intravenously administered itraconazole and rectally administered aminoglutethimide were used to suppress endogenous glucocorticoid synthesis.	2
We describe a 61-year-old woman with "broken heart syndrome" (Takotsubo-like cardiomyopathy) after abrupt postsurgical withdrawal of OxyContin.	2
However, the medical literature now contains at least 125 other detailed reports of ANLL developing after prolonged cytotoxic agent therapy.	2
At the same time, this immune cell reaction triggers a greater granulomatous reaction.	2
A 31-year-old man intermittently received 2.5 x 10(8) units of alpha-IFN and 1 x 10(8) units of beta-IFN for treatment of chronic viral hepatitis type B.	2
However, the treatment can be associated with significant morbidity.	2
A 37-year-old male ingested 12 gm of fluoxetine approximately 2 hours prior to arrival at an emergency department.	2
The case of a 37-year-old obese man, who rapidly developed features of this syndrome after an antecedent pharyngitis and cellulitis, is presented.	2
The reported frequency in young children varies (1-4).	2
As with any new therapy, we suggest waiting for the results of a randomized, controlled trial before recommending this treatment.	2
Fusarium infection after solid-organ transplantation.	2
Patients experienced a mean reduction of 92% (a mean drop in frequency of 21.7 to 1.7 episodes per week).	2
CONCLUSIONS: Anti-TNFalpha antibodies appeared in this case to improve TPN-related cholestasis.	2
In a randomized trial, we compared the efficacy and toxicity of azithromycin and ceftibuten once daily in the initial (empiric) therapy of proven or suspected community-acquired respiratory tract infections (CARTI) in 163 pediatric patients: 95.5% of those treated with azithromycin and 83.6% of those treated with ceftibuten were cured or improved.	2
CASE SUMMARY: A 78-year-old white man presented with intractable lower back pain and constipation.	2
Our search of the literature found no published pediatric pharmacokinetic data.	2
Milk-alkali syndrome was first described 70 years ago in the context of the treatment of peptic ulcer disease with large amounts of calcium and alkali.	2
We report a case of carcinoma following 42 years of chronic empyema in a patient who underwent surgery for a hydatid cyst at the age of 3.	2
The purpose of this study was to heighten awareness of a potentially life-threatening drug interaction in patients with chronic uveitis treated with cyclosporine.	2
METHODS AND RESULTS: This report describes a Merkel cell carcinoma which developed in a liver transplant recipient.	2
Intravenous and subsequent long-term oral penicillin therapy was constituted and resulted in a significant decrease in the size of the pelvic mass.	2
This deleterious association, if verified, has important implications for the treatment of AMI in patients who have RA and are corticosteroid dependent.	2
We report the case of a 70-year-old female who experienced a graft enteric erosion (GEE) three years after a right aorto-femoral bypass.	2
A fracture of the diffuser tip occurred during 1 of the treatments.	2
Crumley).	2
The HIPA assay provides a simple and sensitive laboratory method for the choice of an innocuous heparin or heparinoid for continued parenteral anticoagulation.	2
Much of this tone reflects abnormal vascular function, characterized by impaired prostacyclin and EDRF effects, in conjunction with increased vasoconstriction due to endothelin and possibly other factors.	2
All patients having INFVA respiratory infection were treated by oral oseltamivir 60 mg/day, begun more than 48 h after symptom onset.	2
In-111 platelets accumulated markedly over the abdominal aortic graft with a shortened platelet survival time and reflected changes in hematologic studies, which showed low platelet counts and a high concentration of fibrinogen degradation products in the plasma.	2
This pathology should be treated promptly and with specific therapy to avoid progression to a severe, massive PTE.	2
Despite aggressive intensive care management, the patient died 17 days from the onset of symptoms due to multiple organ failure.	2
At a six-month follow up, her skin lesions improved and there was no recurrence of neurologic symptoms.	2
On fundoscopy and fluorescein angiography, the first signs of a bilateral bull's eye maculopathy were detected.	2
However, many of the patients had been treated surgically for recurrences once or several times previously.	2
The patient received the interferon for four months.	2
The response to tetrahydrobiopterin therapy was impressive at an oral dose of 50 mg twice a day.	2
There is no known effective therapy for PEComa, and the molecular pathophysiology of aberrant mTOR signaling provided us with a scientific rationale to target this pathway therapeutically.	2
Thrombosed prosthetic valve in tricuspid position.	2
1). There was no involvement of other intertriginous sites and there were no associated systemic symptoms.	2
We suspect that similar syndromes reflecting injury to the spinal cord injury may be unrecognized following surgical repair of coarctation.	2
This case illustrates that a small number of subjects with severe asthma receiving high-dose CS need to be considered as a separate, high-risk group for developing disseminated varicella.	2
The fastidious organism grew only on buffered charcoal yeast extract agar and was confirmed as L. micdadei by gene sequence analysis.	2
This report documents the occurrence of severe glomerular pathology associated with continuous, daily antituberculous therapy.	2
Skin-prick tests were performed for the antibiotics he received earlier in the day and the cyclosporine.	2
The frequencies and cytokine-producing phenotypes of phenytoin-specific T cells were examined simultaneously by using a carboxyfluorescein succinimidyl ester (CFSE) dilution assay.	2
De novo inflammatory bowel disease after pediatric orthotopic liver transplant: a case report.	2
The optic nerve appeared healthy, with no visible swelling in each eye.	2
Sequential appearance of immunoblastic lymphoma and acute nonlymphocytic leukemia in a patient with angioimmunoblastic lymphadenopathy.	2
Both analyses confirmed that the isolated material is calcium carbonate.	2
A case report revealing two previously unreported adverse side effects of meprobamate and tridihexethyl chloride (Milpath) drug therapy for a spastic colon is presented.	2
The use of combined therapy with an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor and an angiotensin II receptor blocker (ARB) for treatment of proteinuria has been gaining support.	2
Six isolated reports of prenatally exposed infants with various congenital anomalies exist, but to date no specific phenotype has been delineated.	2
When both drugs were discontinued, his fever and rigidity subsided and biochemical irregularities spontaneously returned to normal, without any complications.	2
A report on two cases and literature review.	2
Early detection of this rare adverse reaction may prevent acute renal insufficiency.	2
In two cases, caspofungin was added as salvage treatment due to failure of trimethoprim-sulfametoxazole monotherapy.	2
[2] Neither LPS nor VVR increased lung water, but LPS decreased MCTV in both normal airways (31%) and VVR-exposed airways (30%; p = 0.03), and VVR increased MCTV by 34% in LPS-inflamed airways (p = 0.002).	2
Consequently, inadvertent placement of the needle into the vertebral artery, thyroid, neural tissues, or esophagus can occur with the fluoroscopic or blind approach.	2
Intradiscal injection of triamcinolone hexacetonide for acute, subacute, and chronic sciatica.	2
Six children with refractory acute lymphocytic leukemia were treated with vincristine combined with diltiazem.	2
Acarbose attenuated both postprandial glucose hyperglycemia and reactive hypoglycemia, which subsequently led to a significant reduction in dumping symptoms.	2
However, 3 months after withdrawal of treatment, the patient still showed clinical and laboratory symptoms of systemic lupus erythematosus.	2
There has been no literature which reports a case of interstitial lung disease associated with sorafenib.	2
PATIENTS: Two patients with phantom limb pain after total hip disarticulation.	2
Dyskinesias induced by subthalamotomy in Parkinson's disease are unresponsive to amantadine.	2
The median duration of subsequent remission was only 13 weeks, but six out of eight children receiving a second course of the drug combination achieved a further remission.	2
The optimal diagnostic and therapeutic approach to this entity has not yet been clearly defined.	2
The institution of lithium treatment in 1964 caused a dramatic improvement in the patient's condition.	2
Diffuse pulmonary infiltrates in immunocompromised patients.	2
This case demonstrates the potential adverse effects of exogenous estrogen therapy, which are strain-specific in the rat.	2
The syndrome is characterized by various gastrointestinal symptoms as well as irritability, diaphoresis and lethargy.	2
The eruption in this case may have been an allergic reaction arising in a depressed immunity induced by chemotherapy.	2
Dose and a hypersensitivity reaction were doubtful factors in these cases.	2
Limits to the "benefits" from our oncologic interventions: a case report.	2
Hypomagnesemia, hypokalemia, and hypocalcemia had developed.	2
Triad of severe abdominal pain, inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion, and disseminated varicella-zoster virus infection preceding cutaneous manifestations after hematopoietic stem cell transplantation: utility of PCR for early recognition and therapy.	2
On day 7 of radiation therapy, she developed an extensive erythematous maculopapular rash over her face, trunk, and extremities.	2
A 34 year old man with an exacerbation of his colitis was diagnosed as having both cytomegalovirus colitis and hepatitis.	2
Recent reports have shown trinucleotide repeat expansions in the spinocerebellar ataxia 2 (SCA2) gene in patients with levodopa-responsive parkinsonism.	2
This article considers treating patients in the first 2 years of rheumatoid arthritis with low dose of oral corticosteroids.	2
Mutations were detected in the precore region (nt1896) of HBV.	2
Early dialysis in a neonate with intrauterine lisinopril exposure.	2
Intravenous bisphosphonates have come into increasing use to protect cancer patients from adverse boney events.	2
No side effects were observed and improvement was sustained during a mean of 7 months (range 3-12 months) follow up.	2
Uncontrolled bleeding during endodontic treatment as the first symptoms for diagnosing von Willebrand's disease.	2
Continuous EEG monitoring in a patient with massive carbamazepine overdose.	2
FINDINGS: During this 3-year period, the Netherlands Pharmacovigilance Centre Lareb received 2522 reports directly from patients, concerning 5401 ADRs.	2
Virological tests showed significant increases of antibody titers against mumps virus and parainfluenza virus type 2, which strongly suggested that paramyxovirus infection occurred during the clinical course of DIHS.	2
Risperidone for control of agitation in dementia patients.	2
Audiograms showed bilateral sensorineural hearing loss with cochlear lesions.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Neurosurgeons will be faced with another devastating complication of thrombolytic therapy, as long as the available drugs are being used.	2
Because thrombolysis of giant thrombi may be ineffective, patients in this situation may require surgery.	2
We indicate that initial and early treatment of the patients with DM and PnM with CsA enabled rapid tapering of the dose of glucocorticoid and improved the disease.	2
She recovered with shock therapy and intravenous administration of diphenhydramine and hydrocortisone.	2
Second malignant neoplasm in childhood is increasing due to advances in therapy modalities.	2
Neisseria sicca peritonitis in a patient maintained on chronic peritoneal dialysis.	2
Their parents were also found to be G6PD deficient.	2
These results emphasise the difficulty of stimulating this mesencephalic region.	2
Pseudomonas infections in children with human immunodeficiency virus infection.	2
The EEG examination, in its third attempt, revealed bilateral multiple symmetric spikes on photic stimulation.	2
Organisms that may be associated with an enteric source should prompt a thorough gastrointestinal evaluation.	2
Arterial occlusion due to intraplaque hemorrhage and de novo thrombosis caused by thrombin-mediated platelet aggregation are also discussed as potential mechanisms of arterial occlusion.	2
The effects of lorcainide, a new antiarrhythmic drug, on serum electrolytes and osmolality are described in a series of 33 patients with organic heart disease and complex ventricular arrhythmias treated with lorcainide.	2
Response to rhEPO was not significantly related to age, gender, type of MDS, time since diagnosis, time since initiation of transfusion therapy, or baseline serum EPO.	2
Lymphocytes obtained from a hyperthyroid patient treated with propylthiouracil without complications failed to show evidence of sensitization.	2
In contrast to infection secondary to human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), CMV colitis has not previously been described in this context.	2
A platelet autoantibody could not be detected by a radioactive platelet antiglobulin test, but autologous platelet survival data indicated a compensated thrombolytic state in the recovery period.	2
Again, a similar set of symptoms as seen initially were noted, along with an elevation of the serum CPK level.	2
Improvement in her condition was evident 6 months after discontinuing amiodarone.	2
The case of a patient with apparent cocaine toxicity and drug-mediated hypertension and tachycardia is presented.	2
BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVE: Intrathecal baclofen is considered standard treatment for severe spasticity of spinal cord and cerebral origin.	2
The results of histopathologic examination of the colonic mucosa suggested ulcerative colitis.	2
Endophthalmitis developed in the eye and was treated by pars plana vitrectomy, IOL extraction, and intravitreal antibiotic injection.	2
Although the exact cause of her hemorrhagic stroke is uncertain, the hypertensive response that may have led to the hemorrhagic stroke occurred following administration of commonly used doses of vasopressor agents.	2
At the time of deterioration all three had reduced HIV viraemia and increased CD4 cell counts.	2
Bisphosphonates inhibit bone turnover and result in increased bone-mineral density.	2
After substitution of a standard diet starting August 21, we found significant decreases of total cholesterol from 725 mg/dl to 194 mg/dl and triglyceride from 4680 mg/dl to 550 mg/dl within 37 days.	2
The cystic larval forms (coenuri) are found in hares, rabbits, squirrels, and, rarely, in humans.	2
The increased use of serotonergic agents (alone and in combination) across multiple medical disciplines presents the possibility that the prevalence and clinical significance of this condition will rise in the future.	2
Drug-induced psychosis is a serious late complication of Parkinson's disease (PD) that requires aggressive treatment.	2
CONCLUSION: One injection of intravitreal triamcinolone was an effective short-term treatment for resistant CMO in uveitis.	2
Bronchospasm is an anesthetic emergency that can lead to disastrous outcomes if treatment is irresolvable.	2
Three cycles of chemotherapy had been administered without complications when, at the beginning of the fourth cycle, the patient developed clinical and laboratory abnormalities consistent with the development of the hemolytic-uremic syndrome.	2
Other reports show increases with the atypical antipsychotics, olanzapine and quetiapine.	2
Danaparoid was restarted 3 h post delivery and the patient anticoagulated with warfarin in the post-partum period.	2
Vitreous samples were obtained, followed by the injection of vancomycin 1 mg/0.1 ml and ceftazidime 2.25 mg/0.1 ml.	2
The diagnosis was confirmed by mycological examination including culture.	2
Chest X-ray revealed a solitary pulmonary nodule.	2
The renal function of the baby was completely recovered, without systemic antifungal treatment.	2
METHODS: The investigation included inhalation challenge with the suspected compound combined with monitoring of lung function tests and post-challenge bronchoalveolar lavage.	2
Hepatic hyperechogenicity on ultrasonography and slight elevation of serum transaminases might erroneously lead to a diagnosis of hepatic steatosis without liver histology.	2
Although there are very few prospective data on the efficacy of treatment of drug-induced AIN, corticosteroids may have a role in recovery of renal function.	2
Our case illustrates an unusual presenting symptom of hemoptysis and the need to identify patients who can be at risk of developing this rare condition.	2
Recent efforts have focused on heightened surveillance to detect contamination before transfusion to limit recipient morbidity and mortality.	2
Indications for GBP treatment were newly diagnosed epilepsy in one and painful paraesthesiae in the other.	2
Plasma samples of our patients were initially considered positive for tricyclic antidepressants because the cross-reaction of carbamazepine gave tricyclic antidepressant concentrations as imipramine equivalent sufficiently above the assay cut-off point (20 ng/mL).	2
She also had nephrotic range proteinuria.	2
Severe autologous GVHD occurred only in patients transplanted for multiple myeloma and was observed at a much higher frequency in patients undergoing their second HPCT.	2
A change in government program policies caused him to receive generic carbamazepine.	2
Severe hypopharyngeal dysphagia in a patient on chronic steroid treatment.	2
METHODS: Eight patients with cutaneous ulcerations from cryofibrinogenemia were treated with stanozolol.	2
In most cases the cause is unknown, but a minority of cases has been drug induced.	2
A marked decrease of the free form of protein S was documented.	2
The major limiting side effect is hemolytic anemia, which may be mitigated through careful patient selection, conservative drug dosing, close monitoring, and possibly, concurrent administration of antioxidants or cytochrome P450 inhibitors.	2
In conclusion, we were confronted with an unusual case of pheochromocytoma associated with renal artery stenosis and the appearance of watery diarrhea some days after surgical treatment.	2
At that time, the present researchers began to explore the development of a school-based, methodologically sound, and inexpensive method of assessing the efficacy of stimulant medications, which would ensure reasonable compliance by teachers, parents, and students in monitoring the effects of medications and placebos.	2
Most patients were also taking concomitant valproic acid.	2
BACKGROUND: Bleeding is the most serious complication of oral anticoagulant therapy used for the prevention of thromboembolic complications.	2
We report the case of an iatrogenically immunosuppressed patient who presented with a massive upper gastrointestinal hemorrhage that was caused by Kaposi's sarcoma of the stomach.	2
The remaining deaths were non-MTX related, but all 5 autopsies showed some degree of cirrhosis.	2
Hyperhidrosis is a debilitating condition characterised by sweating that exceeds the need of normal thermoregulation.	2
To the best of our knowledge, although various abnormalities of bone due to retinoids have been described before, reversible sclerotic changes have not been reported.	2
In each of these cases, the treating psychiatrist faced the problems of noncompliance with treatment and/or restrictive civil commitment standards.	2
With improved treatment and outcome of lupus, an increasing number of elderly patients who are susceptible to osteoporotic fractures are expected.	2
Since the drug's approval, the manufacturer has received infrequent although serious reports of diarrhea and ischemic colitis in patients taking the drug.	2
Steroid creams applied topically to the skin are routinely used in the treatment of many dermatoses.	2
Micrococcus luteus pneumonia: a case report and review of the literature.	2
In order to achieve complete anticoagulation, patients were switched to bivalirudin, which determined a prompt effect on measured ACT.	2
Resolution of systemic hypertension and partial return of right renal function followed rapid thrombus dissolution.	2
Particular attention should be paid to tiny skull lesions and to key events preceding the pain.	2
Cholesterol embolization treated with corticosteroids--two case reports.	2
Both experts would obtain an audiogram after the acute problems are treated.	2
Psoralen-ultra violet A (PUVA) photochemotherapy can be effective, but frequent maintenance therapy may be required to prevent relapse of symptoms.	2
While our patient's second malignancy may have been a chance association, his and other cases of pancreatic carcinoma in young survivors of hematologic neoplasia suggest that the cytotoxic treatment may have had a role in the pathogenesis of the pancreatic carcinoma.	2
ITO is a rare but curable tumor of the ovary using combination chemotherapy.	2
We propose a classification of cutaneous minocycline pigmentation based on clinico-pathological criteria.	2
One year after undergoing allogenic peripheral blood stem cell transplantation (PBSCT), this patient presented with proteinuria.	2
Alcohol neurolysis for persistent pain caused by superior cluneal nerves injury after iliac crest bone graft harvesting in orthopedic surgery: report of four cases and review of the literature.	2
The patient received treatment with dexamethasone 0.2% eyedrops every 2 hours.	2
Due to an error in drug dilution the patient received a 100-fold overdose of indomethacin.	2
The admission computed tomography scan of the chest revealed progressive interstitial infiltrates.	2
One patient was treated symptomatically for the first 6 h until she was given dantrolene.	2
In 1992, some 90 countries or territories where 42% of the world's population resided were considered malarious and estimation of deaths from malaria worldwide per year were in the order of 1.4 of 2.8 million.	2
The patient had ischemic brain lesions due to cardiopulmonary arrest at 39 weeks of corrected age.	2
In the second case, mild atypical change by presence of nuclear enlargement and rare mitotic figures were noted and PCNA, KI67 levels were less than 2%.	2
After 3 h of hemodialysis, her post-dialysis acyclovir level was 1.9 micrograms/ml.	2
This therapeutic strategy resulted in normalization of the elevated EBV-DNA titers and disappearance of the monoclonal B cell populations.	2
In all patients, the IOP increase was sustained across several visits, requiring control with topical glaucoma therapy, and in two cases the addition of a systemic carbonic anhydrase inhibitor.	2
These concerns may be reinforced by advice in the UK product information sheet to perform LFTs before and during treatment, by high infection rates with hepatitis C virus (HCV) among injecting heroin addicts and by the frequency of abnormal LFTs in alcohol abusers.	2
Thrombosis of the left main coronary artery following percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty.	2
RESULTS: Five patients were identified.	2
The median follow-up exceeded 7 years and 72% of these patients had received prior alkylating agent therapy.	2
His muscle symptoms were involved in four limbs and tongue, and deep tendon reflexes were exaggerated.	2
The patient eventually had full resolution of her symptoms.	2
After terminating the Partusisten medication, there was no effect on the fetal arrhythmia and flecainide therapy was initiated.	2
The shunt infection was controlled by removal of the shunt and a combination of systemic and intraventricular administration of amikacin, and oral administration of ofloxacin.	2
Because of secondary left ventricular dysfunction, digoxin was administered.	2
Changes in granulocyte or platelet counts were not observed.	2
Anterior chamber paracentesis for aerobic and anaerobic cultures may be an appropriate initial diagnostic step in suspected cases.	2
The authors describe two cases of Fournier's gangrene complicating aggressive therapy for hematologic malignancies.	2
Serological studies were carried out using flow cytometry (FCM).	2
A 36-year-old white man had both acute intermittent porphyria and long-standing idiopathic grand mal seizures.	2
Oculomotor recordings revealed frequency locked voltage dependent vertical or oblique movements of the eye ipsilateral to the active contact, suggesting current spreading to the mesencephalic oculomotor fibres.	2
RESULTS: The inflammatory mass was excised successfully, and several specimens were examined for bacteriologic presence.	2
The ocular effects of intracarotid bromodeoxyuridine and radiation therapy in the treatment of malignant glioma.	2
His current medication regimen was hydroxyurea (500 mg BID), iron (525 mg QD), and folic acid (15 mg QD) for the myeloproliferative disease and the associated anemia; spironolactone (25 mg BID) and furosemide (20 mg BID) for the complications of cirrhosis; allopurinol (100 mg QD) to treat gout; and theophylline (250 mg QD) for chronic bronchitis.	2
Lipoatrophy although rare can still occur even with the use of technologically advanced insulin preparations.	2
Patients with HIV disease have a significantly higher prevalence of QTc prolongation than a general hospital-based population, may have an unrecognized acquired form of the long QT syndrome, and are at risk for torsades de pointes.	2
An alteration in CNS serotonin activity is hypothesized to be the underlying mechanism for several myoclonic syndromes.	2
Therapy with ATG should be considered in childhood severe aplastic anemia when bone marrow transplantation is not possible.	2
Disseminated intravascular coagulation in acute monoblastic leukemia: response to heparin therapy.	2
Russell bodies in contact-lens-associated giant papillary conjunctivitis.	2
Since cranial MRI showed only nonspecific findings, CNS vasculitis associated with GVHD after BMT may be underdiagnosed.	2
He was referred after a percutaneous liver biopsy which revealed a moderately differentiated HCC.	2
After standard treatment had failed, we tried to treat the patient by administering rituximab directly into the cerebral ventricle through an Omaya reservoir, in addition to conventional intrathecal and systemic chemotherapy.	2
BACKGROUND: The treatment of colorectal cancer with administration of a 2-h infusion of calcium folinate followed by a 24-h infusion of 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) is a standard therapy.	2
Successful treatment of refractory immune hemolysis following unrelated cord blood transplant with Campath-1H.	2
Persistent corneal erosion secondary to tarsal adrenochrome deposit.	2
Report of two cases of male breast cancer after prolonged estrogen treatment for prostatic carcinoma.	2
Four cases of pediatric acne rosacea associated with the use of topical fluorinated glucocorticosteroids are described.	2
There was neither a recurrence of cytomegalovirus retinitis nor an occurrence of retinal detachment during the 9-month follow-up after intravenous ganciclovir therapy.	2
Treatment by nitrogen-oxygen saturation at a pressure equivalent of 30 m (100 ft) sea water is proposed.	2
Blood level monitoring helps to determine the therapeutic and toxic ranges for anticonvulsants and antidepressants.	2
The reflex myoclonus had a 150-ms refractory period.	2
Average length of stay postCDT was 7 days with no perioperative complications.	2
Minimal evidence supports treatment with multiple antipsychotics, even when the agents have different mechanisms of action.	2
This report presents a 35-year-old woman in whom an intrathecal pump system was inserted for cancer pain management with intrathecal morphine.	2
The role of anticoagulation with heparin is controversial in the absence of any controlled studies.	2
Such might not be the case with newer technologies.	2
In the present case, the patient had been diagnosed with leprechaunism with mutation in the insulin receptor gene and had treatment with recombinant human insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) starting at the age of 1 year 7 months.	2
One patient presented twice with seizures.	2
INTRODUCTION: Tuberculosis is a rare but serious complication after transplantation.	2
This observation questions the suitability of aspirin as prophylaxis for vascular disease in patients with meningiomas.	2
The treatment course is divided into five treatment periods, each with accompanying commentary.	2
Recurrent life-threatening episodes of ventricular tachycardia persisted despite maximal antiarrhythmic theraphy with amiodarone, metoprolol and mexiletine.	2
Isoniazid inhibits the metabolism of phenytoin.	2
This article demonstrates that POS may be a useful drug in mucormycosis in children.	2
PATIENTS: Two infants and three children inpatients receiving amphotericin B.	2
The patient had no previous history of psychiatric problems.	2
A 71-year-old woman with a prosthetic heart valve, stabilized with warfarin, had international normalized ratios (INRs) maintained between 2.5 and 3.5.	2
Initially, the patient was treated with topical and systemic antibiotics, and corneal epithelium quickly regenerated.	2
Rituximab is a chimeric, anti-CD20 monoclonal antibody initially approved for relapsed, refractory indolent B-cell non-Hodgkin's lymphoma (NHL), and is being applied in an increasing variety of clinical scenarios.	2
Researchers and clinicians have made numerous suggestions for managing the various side effects, although there is currently no research to guide evidence-based practice.	2
Chest roentgenogram showed interstitial congestive failure, and an EKG demonstrated sinus bradycardia.	2
Serum complement components and immunoglobulin levels were within normal limits, and radioallergosorbent testing gave negative results.	2
Individual risk/benefit assessment is important, and close monitoring of both mother and child is advisable, especially during the first 3 weeks postpartum.	2
A ventilation-perfusion lung scan showed no defects; roentgenograms showed bilateral infiltrates and a left-sided pleural effusion.	2
However, it was rarely reported in ECT sessions for psychiatric patients who needed concurrent antibiotic treatments.	2
Transfusion-transmitted malaria in a kidney transplant recipient.	2
Coexistent psoriasis and lupus erythematosus treated with alefacept.	2
We concluded that irregularities on the surface of the lens, such as a manufacturer's trademark, provide a focus for synechiae.	2
Abdominal computed tomography revealed the bumper to be buried in the abdominal wall.	2
The mechanism behind this observation may be similar to that of previously reported protease inhibitor-associated fat redistribution, but instead involving the adipose tissue of discrete uncommon benign tumors.	2
Hyperkalaemia is a life-threatening electrolyte disorder that can occur in the first week of life in almost 50% of preterm infants with a birth weight less than 1000 g [extremely low birth weight (ELBW)].	2
CASE SUMMARY: A 37-year-old Hispanic man with diabetes mellitus, ethanol abuse, and recent crank use developed a venous thrombosis and possible pulmonary embolism, followed by acute liver and renal failure requiring continuous veno-venous hemofiltration.	2
Despite reduction in the dose of immunosuppression and localized radiotherapy, the tumor had rapidly progressed to involve the soft tissue of the right hand.	2
The patient's response to the combination of clonazepam and baclofen suggests that the pathophysiology of the "painful legs and moving toes" may be linked to impairment of spinal serotonergic and GABA functions.	2
The precise timing of each step of the surgical procedure remains difficult to codify.	2
A transverse spinal cord syndrome occurred due to a pathological fracture of C5 and C6 and operative decompression was necessary.	2
After tapering of oral prednisolone, cyclophosphamide was started, which resulted in a gradual improvement of proteinuria.	2
CONCLUSIONS: This treatment modality appears to provide an additional alternative for managing superficial periocular hemangiomas which threaten vision.	2
Continued study of the specific mechanisms leading to ventricular tachycardia and sudden death are needed in order to control this increasingly prevalent clinical problem.	2
The diagnosis of BOOP requires the presence of a combination of pathological, clinical, and radiological features.	2
Radiologic findings were consistent with PI.	2
Given the paradoxical efficacy of the atypical antipsychotics in pure OCD, the neurobiology and comorbidity of OCD and schizophrenia, as well as the increasing use of atypical antipsychotics, a cautious and rational pharmacotherapeutic treatment approach is recommended.	2
Two months after the operation in the right eye the patient presented with active infection in the left eye.	2
He subsequently had a resolution of all signs and symptoms, suggesting that these alarming events were a toxic but reversible side effect of the chemotherapy.	2
The safety of cyclo-oxygenase 2 (COX-2) preferential inhibitors such as meloxicam is debated.	2
BACKGROUND: A 68-year-old man diagnosed with primary plasma-cell leukemia was given thalidomide maintenance treatment for his disease.	2
The newer atypical antipsychotics are reputedly without adverse hematological effects.	2
This last test was positive.	2
Further injections were followed by similar symptoms in addition to paraesthesiae and altered pin-prick sensation of anterior thigh and legs with no residual deficit.	2
Histopathological studies from specimens taken by transbronchial biopsy showed bronchiolitis obliterans with fibrosing alveolitis.	2
This case illustrates the role of the *3 polymorphism of the cytochrome P450 CYP2C9 as an independent risk factor modulating the sensitivity of patients to the anticoagulant effect of acenocoumarol.	2
Because the patient did not mention the cosmetic intervention, the diagnosis of polyacrylamide gel-induced granuloma was complicated.	2
Dosing adjustment in patients with renal dysfunction is not necessary for anastrozole.	2
A complete immunohistochemical study was performed on heart specimens.	2
It should be emphasized that this syndrome may occur after irradiation and chemotherapy in patients with nasopharyngeal cancer.	2
Pelvic dyskinesia with an outstanding response to tetrabenazine.	2
This patient was treated with endovascular stenting of the dissections along with cessation of ergot.	2
Cerebral air embolism after intrathoracic anti-cancer drug administration.	2
The clinical picture fulfilled the criteria of Kluver-Bucy syndrome.	2
Therefore, cidofovir was administered.	2
We present the case of 48-year-old woman suffering from migraine with aura (MA) since menarche.	2
Two days after the start of administration of SKT, her severe pain was markedly improved.	2
For treatment of this condition he was given androgens and corticosteroids.	2
Methadone, a synthetic opioid that is increasingly used for the management of chronic pain, has recently been implicated in the development of the prolonged QT syndrome.	2
On 26 April 1999, three persons were accidentally exposed by high dose (60)Co irradiation.	2
Successful treatment of bronchiolitis obliterans in a bone marrow transplant patient with tumor necrosis factor-alpha blockade.	2
Treatment was continued with amphotericin B colloidal dispersion, followed by fluconazole for 8 months.	2
The baby girl was fed with pasteurized maternal milk, and she had a normal growth.	2
Paraspinal muscle impingement causing acute Brown-Sequard syndrome after posterior cervical decompression.	2
PURPOSE: Utilization of lead-contaminated opium may lead to severe motor neuron impairment and quadriplegia.	2
These cases were all fatal, and it is suggested that the use of clindamycin in leukaemic patients should be reserved for specific indications.	2
Many symptoms of hyperthyroidism are identical to the adverse effects of the commonly used inhaled bronchodilators and include tremor, nervousness, tachycardia, wide pulse pressure, palpitations, emotional lability, agitation, nightmares, aggressive behavior, and diarrhea.	2
HSOS following standard chemotherapy has been reported in patients receiving vincristine, actinomycin D, and cyclophosphamide for the treatment of Wilms tumor and more rarely rhabdomyosarcoma.	2
Histologic examination of the excised specimen showed chronic granulomatous inflammation, and subsequent microbiologic studies cultured an acid- and alcohol-fast bacillus that was later identified as Mycobacterium fortuitum.	2
The multidisciplinary team's successful decision to trial SFG in a medically complex patient allowed profound iron deficiency to be treated safely and effectively, which was not possible prior to the availability of an alternate iron preparation.	2
At explant, all four systems had clots adherent to the surface of the tubing and connectors on the pump outflow side of the circuit.	2
We report a case of type III left anterior descending artery (LAD) perforation which was managed successfully with cyanoacrylate glue.	2
There was no relation between functional improvement and increased sexuality.	2
Multifocal osteonecrosis has a wide variety of etiologies, but is most often encountered in the clinical setting of corticosteroid administration, connective tissue disorders, transplantation, hemoglobinopathies and dysbarism.	2
To ensure safety and effectiveness, and to meet the requirements of accreditation agencies, hospitals should develop prescribing guidelines for IV opioid range orders and clear protocols for their implementation.	2
DESIGN: Morphologic, immunophenotypic, and cytogenetic analyses were performed on the 3 patients at the time of initial diagnosis, during imatinib therapy, and at blast crisis.	2
He developed hypertension in April 1989, underwent a final chelation, and retired.	2
Irritability is often a problem for patients with Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD).	2
The present case indicates that the neutropenic colitis can occur under neutropenic conditions induced by the standard-dose chemotherapy for solid cancer.	2
A 15 Year old female patient with Sturge Weber Syndrome is presented.	2
A 39-year-old woman underwent placement of a totally implantable venous access device for chemotherapy to treat a recurrent liposarcoma of the left thigh.	2
Recognition of this rare entity will help clinicians avoid aggressive investigative and treatment modalities that can affect the results of PRK.	2
Biopsy findings showed an interstitial and air space lymphohistiocytic infiltrate with non-necrotizing granulomas, in the setting of negative cultures and special stains for microorganisms.	2
Two patients required emergent surgical procedures.	2
Precautionary measures for the early recognition of this grave hazard in exposed patients are advocated.	2
Lithium interferes with reserpine-induced dopamine depletion.	2
A 16-year-old poorly compliant, steroid-dependent subject with asthma received two courses of high-dose intravenous methylprednisolone during a 3-week period, followed by a tapering schedule of oral prednisone.	2
A mechanism for the efficacy of this treatment is discussed.	2
The patient was ultimately treated with a nasal septal button with good symptom relief.	2
The severity of uremia in patient 2 could be one of the conditions that, in association with the abrupt changes obtained with IVPMP, predispose to neurological manifestations.	2
In conclusion, even if in our case no surgical treatment was used and although spontaneous resorption has been described for some materials, early surgical exploration with removal of the material and decompression of the IAN is suggested, irrespective of the material used, because the severity of nerve damage can increase with the duration of the injury.	2
In conclusion, telmisartan was effective and well tolerated for the control of hypertension in this case and improved sensitivity to insulin.	2
Both patients were in a state of neutropenia.	2
Tolazoline Hydrochloride is a pulmonary vasodilator that is used for the treatment of pulmonary hypertension of the newborn.	2
Two patients received no further anticoagulation, and two received continuous heparin within 24 hr of implant to maintain activated clotting times of 140-150 sec.	2
Diffuse interstitial pneumonia and pulmonary hypertension: a novel manifestation of chronic granulomatous disease.	2
Complications appear to result from depletion of plasma proteins involved in coagulation and fibrinolysis.	2
To date little has been reported about the risk of therapy-related leukaemia (t-AML) in children receiving oral etoposide therapy.	2
Rosiglitazone was immediately discontinued and 11 days later the man's weight stabilized to 79 kg and remained between 79 and 80 kg 2 and 3 months after discharge.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Neurologists have a vast armamentarium to treat both motor and nonmotor manifestations of PD.	2
Titers for Epstein-Barr virus, hepatitis B, toxoplasmosis; and cytomegalovirus were all negative.	2
We present a case of disseminated histoplasmosis, complicated by retroperitoneal bleeding and leading to death, in a patient who was receiving systemic immunosuppressive therapy for rheumatoid arthritis and who was enrolled in a gene-therapy trial.	2
This observation indicates the complex effect of HIV on joint inflammation.	2
The patient was treated with IFN-alpha in another medical center for 6 months because his liver biopsy showed chronic active hepatitis.	2
Features of both de novo AML [FAB M2 morphology, t(8;21), and "secondary leukemia" (additional cytogenetic changes, resistance to chemotherapy) were present.	2
Interference with smoking-cessation effects of varenicline after administration of immediate-release amphetamine-dextroamphetamine.	2
Many pus cells and a few red blood cells were detected in the patient's stool, but the results of a stool culture for bacteria were negative.	2
The abnormalities in her liver function tests included a progressive rise in bilirubin level over five weeks.	2
A case of severe hyperlipidemia caused by long-term tube feedings.	2
These movements were dose-related and completely abated on reducing the dose.	2
Successful liver transplantation and treatment of recurrent hepatitis C using pegylated alpha-interferon in a patient with Churg-Strauss disease.	2
In all three patients a decrease in anti-DNA antibody levels and an increase in total complement hemolytic activity were detected after therapy.	2
To the best of our knowledge, this patient is the youngest, and only the fourth person in the English-language literature to develop colonic carcinoma after combination chemotherapy of Hodgkin's disease without radiation.	2
Through November 30, 2004, the FDA received 6 reports of DIC associated with "acute hemolysis" (or similar terms), 5 of which involved fatalities.	2
Histological studies showed scattered perivascular infiltrates without vasculitis.	2
The infant was monitored by imaging studies followed by ultrasonography.	2
Systemic cytomegalovirus infection complicating ulcerative colitis: a case report and review of the literature.	2
Inhibition of the hepatic metabolism of warfarin by 5-FU and levamisole is the postulated mechanism of this drug interaction.	2
We advise careful monitoring of water-electrolytic balance during sibutramine therapy.	2
Recurrent aortic valve prosthesis dehiscence secondary to aortoarteritis: three case reports and literature review.	2
Phenytoin (Dilantin) is typically employed as prophylactic anticonvulsant in this setting.	2
We report the successful intraoperative resuscitation of a patient with acute intracardiac/intravascular thrombosis during an orthotopic liver transplantation using thrombolytic therapy.	2
To our knowledge, this is the only reported case of tularemia occurring in the post-transplant setting.	2
Mycobacterium interface keratitis after laser in situ keratomileusis.	2
Serum concentration of cerivastatin at 6 h after taking the last dose (0.15 mg) was 8062.5 ng/L, which was almost 5.7 times higher than that of normal persons.	2
She had, in July 1977, severe claudication of the lower extremities.	2
Hepatitis C (HCV) treatment using interferon-alpha (IFN-alpha) and ribavirin is recommended in HIV/HCV co-infected patients to prevent liver cirrhosis and liver-related death.	2
Pure red cell aplasia due to parvovirus B19 infection after liver transplantation: a case report and review of the literature.	2
The possible mechanisms of this leukopenia are discussed.	2
The case reported here illustrates that clinicians should be aware of this potentially fatal drug reaction.	2
Dapsone in rheumatoid arthritis.	2
Therapy was discontinued at a cumulative dose of adriamycin of 600 mg/m2.	2
Its treatment is mainly based upon discontinuation of heparin therapy.	2
Despite aggressive, combined antiviral treatment with ganciclovir and foscarnet and reduction of immunosuppression, viral clearance was never achieved.	2
Intrauterine contraceptive device-associated pelvic actinomycosis caused by Actinomyces urogenitalis.	2
Hemodiafiltration for vancomycin overdose in a patient with end-stage renal failure.	2
In all patients, discontinuation of aromatic AEDs resulted in resolution of symptoms and in 3 patients who required continued AED therapy, valproic acid was well tolerated.	2
Their positive, negative, and general symptoms as rated by the BPRS also decreased significantly.	2
Hepatic artery aneurysm associated with upper gastrointestinal bleeding after intrahepatic artery chemotherapy.	2
The identification of the spider as a brown recluse and the location of the bite over the nerve's usual pathway strongly suggest that the venom was responsible for this complication.	2
Treatment with calcitriol.	2
Trichosporonosis appears to be an emerging fungal infection among immunocompromised individuals (including both hematological and solid organ transplant recipients).	2
Three demented patients who manifested an aggressive syndrome and motor disturbances including agitation, pacing, and restlessness received a therapeutic trial of the antiandrogen agents medroxyprogesterone acetate and luprolide acetate.	2
A 51-year-old male with a huge chondrosarcoma received subarachnoid dorsal root blocks with 10% phenol in glycerine to treat severe pain along the left leg.	2
Therefore, care should be given to prescribing clarithromycin for patients receiving carbamazepine.	2
At the time she was taking lithium carbonate 450 mg twice/day.	2
Minor reactions to the drug are very common, but severe idiosyncratic reactions are rare considering the large number of patients taking this drug worldwide.	2
Diethyl carbamazine citrate, an inhibitor of release of SRS-A, seemed to shorten the duration of the LAR, although it has no effect on the immediate response and/or on the severity of the LAR.	2
OBJECTIVE: To report a case of rhabdomyolysis caused by Commiphora mukul, a natural lipid-lowering agent.	2
Mycobacterium fortuitum bacteremia with granulomatous hepatitis complicating home cyclic parenteral nutrition through an indwelling Broviac catheter occurred in a 41-year-old woman.	2
Median time to progression (TTP) was 12 weeks.	2
The ability of tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha inhibitors to impair pivotal pro-inflammatory host defenses may facilitate the development of disseminated cryptococcosis.	2
During this same time period, 537 patients were admitted with MI, 41 of whom died; the study's 4 patients were compared with these 41.	2
Acute enlargement and subsequent rupture of an abdominal aortic aneurysm in a patient receiving chemotherapy for pancreatic carcinoma.	2
Caution is advised in administering arginine to patients with renal or hepatic insufficiency, or both.	2
This study reports the results of a retrospective review of the case records of 28 seriously ill patients who received intravenous cimetidine (generally 300 mg q8h) for the treatment of gastric discomfort and/or hemorrhage or for prophylaxis against stress-induced ulcers.	2
However, whether or not the microgranulations were bacterial colonies, infection did not recur during a 2-year follow-up period.	2
Obidoxime was reinstituted after the 9 d interruption and muscle strength improved with the first dose.	2
Finally, clinicians should not extrapolate the results of the Endophthalmitis Vitrectomy Study to the postfiltration surgery endophthalmitis given the differing pathogenesis and unique spectrum of organisms.	2
She underwent a general ophthalmological investigation, perimetry and electroretinographic examination with multifocal (m-ERG) and flash-electroretinogram (flash-ERG).	2
A 66-year-old woman was diagnosed as having pulmonary adenocarcinoma with malignant pleural effusion following investigations for cough and dyspnea.	2
We confirmed FH deficiency in a 30-month-old boy with recurrent HUS of 2 years duration, and attempted an auxiliary partial orthotopic liver transplantation (APOLT) to overcome the sustained intractable dependency on plasma therapy.	2
Three (10%) eyes had an epithelial defect, nine (31%) had iridocyclitis, and seven (24%) had associated secondary glaucoma.	2
The patient died of respiratory failure after 8 days of steroid infusion and erlotinib discontinuation.	2
The incidence of this adverse effect in children and young adults who have cystic fibrosis is unknown.	2
Exposure to the individual compounds was determined by calculating the AUC.	2
Candida-induced denture stomatitis usually does not reflect any deep-seated, systemic abnormality, the dentures being the primary predisposing condition.	2
Tamoxifen has been used as a chemotherapeutic agent with no serious side effects noted.	2
These situations must be recognized as potential problems and must be treated appropriately.	2
Enteral nutrition is less costly than TPN and maintains the structural and functional integrity of the intestinal mucosa.	2
Only two of the six reported patients without heparinization survived.	2
Although the treatment of choice for autoimmune hepatitis is glucocorticoids, their side effects make long-term use undesirable.	2
METHODS: Switching of agents took place in two ways: converting only antipsychotic medications followed by other psychotropics, and changing all psychotropics simultaneously.	2
The pharmacological management of rapid cycling bipolar disorder in the elderly is also reviewed.	2
Embolic phenomena occurred in 10 (42%) of 24 cases.	2
Fungal septicaemia in patients with cystic fibrosis associated with totally implantable venous access device system.	2
In both instances, reversion of intraventricular conduction to normal occurred within 72 hours, coinciding with clearance of carbamazepine from the blood stream.	2
One of three stool samples was positive for the presence of occult blood.	2
Subsequently he had severe hyperphosphatemia (29.3 and 14.1 mg/dl; 9.46 and 4.55 mmol/L), hypocalcemia, hyperuricemia, hyperkalemia, and azotemia.	2
However, this phenomenon has been largely limited to skin.	2
The morbidity and lethality of AL amyloidosis is caused by the deposition of lg light chains as fibrillar amyloid protein in vital organs, disrupting their function, and not by the generally low burden of clonal plasma cells that produce the paraproteins.	2
Six months before cessation of therapy discrete radiological signs of apical fibrosis appeared.	2
Despite treatment in the intensive care unit, the woman died on the sixth day after admission.	2
Guidelines for the safe use of hexoprenaline in preterm labour are suggested.	2
Thus, perospirone is an agent with possible efficacy for medication-refractory schizophrenia.	2
Acute cervico-facial oedema and loss of consciousness following ingestion of barracuda fish.	2
The observed serum ceruloplasmin response after parenteral copper administration is suggestive of an impairment in the incorporation of copper into this metalloprotein.	2
The potential autoimmune complications of this therapeutic agent should be comprehended when monitoring patients receiving such treatment.	2
Another trial of slower desensitization was done using Pancrease MT 16 (1 capsule: 16 000 U of lipase, 48 000 U of amylase, and 48 000 U of protease), starting with 1/4 capsule per day, with increments of 1/4 capsule every 3 days, until an entire capsule was reached by day 10, then increased by approximately 1/2 capsule every 4 days until reaching the therapeutic dose of 1 capsule with each meal by day 25.	2
After the moxifloxacin was stopped, the corrected QT interval normalized and a permanent cardiac pacemaker was implanted.	2
If antiarrhythmics are administered that are contraindicated in patients with WPW syndrome, then there is potential for deleterious effects.	2
All three patients experienced remission of their disease at the time of the occurrence of marrow aplasia.	2
Atypical necrotizing scleritis after strabismus surgery.	2
GCV-resistance during VCV-prophylaxis was rare after renal transplantation.	2
One of the most troublesome side effects of perfusion is peripheral nerve damage, which has been reported at a rate of between 1 and 48% of perfused patients.	2
The immunopathogenesis remains obscure, but is suggestive of an antigen-specific process requiring the presence of or exposure to ibuprofen.	2
Although trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazol (TMP/SMX) prophylaxis has been shown to prevent almost all P. carinii infections, 1%-2% of patients may still experience this complication.	2
All-trans retinoic acid and short-time, high-dose cytarabine in two children with acute promyelocytic leukemia.	2
Basal and secretin-stimulated gastrin responses were suppressed but not normalized.	2
One patient died during induction probably due to haemorrhage.	2
BACKGROUND: 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) targets rapidly dividing cancer cell populations.	2
Abdominal pain and obstructive symptoms concomitant with weight loss are the common presenting complaints.	2
The results and the importance of serial neuropsychological examinations after such complications in three children with ALL are presented.	2
A 24- to 48-h course of large-dose glucocorticoid therapy is often used in the acute management of spinal cord injury.	2
A case report is presented of an antenatally diagnosed fetal goiter induced by antithyroid medications.	2
Morphine sulfate in controlled-release tablet form is a relatively new oral preparation being used for the relief of chronic severe pain, such as that related to cancer.	2
CLINICAL FEATURES: A 34-yr-old man with long-standing insulin dependent diabetes mellitus underwent a total proctocolectomy for inflammatory bowel disease.	2
A CT scan revealed an abdominopelvic abscess encompassing the detached catheter which embedded in the rectosigmoid colon, allowing direct communication to the upper vagina.	2
A total gastrectomy with omentectomy and resection of the distal oesophagus in a 69-year-old haemophilia A patient with high inhibitor of 128 Bethesda units is described.	2
The histological study of the duodenal biopsies showed villus atrophy.	2
All 3 had documented CBZ blood levels in the therapeutic range at the time, and none had other symptoms or signs of clinical intoxication.	2
MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: Extensive noncardiogenic pulmonary edema.	2
Nephrotic patients in endemic areas of Strongyloides infection should have the differential white cell count checked.	2
Blood GHB concentrations in the range 156-260 mg/L have been reported to induce moderately sound sleep.	2
It also appears to be effective in other conditions such as psoriasis and ankylosing spondylitis.	2
Eight of the 10 eyes were receiving topical steroids at the time of presentation.	2
In clinical trials, venlafaxine was found safe and effective in most patients.	2
Hepatic uroporphyrinogen decarboxylase activity is markedly reduced in patients with this disorder.	2
Subsequently, she developed bilateral persistent corneal epithelial defects, epithelial edema, and bullae that failed to heal with bandage contact lens and topical lubricants.	2
We review and summarize all reported cases of patients with ART-associated lactic acidosis reported in the English literature.	2
He presented the following day with uncorrected visual acuity (UCVA) in the affected eye of 3/200 and organic foreign body deposits underneath the flap.	2
BACKGROUND: Myasthenia gravis (MG) is a neuromuscular disease sometimes associated with severe psychiatric complications.	2
No benefit has been shown from adding bivalirudin to a GP IIb/ IIIa inhibitor.	2
In fact, this error has taken place a number of times in North America in the preceding decade.	2
In the same period, healthcare professionals submitted 10 635 reports, concerning 16 722 ADRs.	2
DESIGN: Retrospective case review.	2
Both had low levels of serum sodium, potassium and calcium.	2
Drug-induced hypersensitivity syndrome associated with a marked increase in anti-paramyxovirus antibody titers in a scleroderma patient.	2
On day 14, itraconazole solution at a dose of 5 mg/kg was begun.	2
Levamisole was administered for 5 weeks (total dose, 1,500 mg).	2
Interferon (IFN) is the most widely prescribed drug of choice for chronic hepatitis B infection, which is a common health problem in our country.	2
It is important to keep a high index of suspicion with regard to DIAN since it is usually rapidly reversible.	2
These preliminary results indicate the possible advantage of adding an alkylating agent (prednimustine) to estramustine in advanced prostatic carcinoma.	2
The management of non-muscle invasive bladder cancer has become more complex with regard to initial investigation, treatment and follow-up.	2
BACKGROUND: Bone marrow transplantation (BMT) is a common treatment used for deficiencies of host marrow or in the control of blood malignancies.	2
The patient subsequently underwent surgery for embolization of the right occipital and superficial temporal arteries and removal of the mass.	2
Immunohistological studies showed that these cells were positive for CD30 and CD79a, but not for CD15 or CD20.	2
Amiodarone treatment did not abolish the thyroid radioactive iodine uptake (RAIU), allowing for subsequent treatment with radioactive iodine.	2
Intravenous administration of 90 mg commercial serumcholinesterase, the equivalent to 1000 ml fresh human plasma, restored twitch and tetanic responses and the patient could lift his head 15 min after the beginning of the enzyme injection.	2
Two weeks later, anemia, thrombocytopenia and progressive increase in BUN, creatinine and LDH were observed.	2
For primary ventriculoperitoneal shunt insertion in infants and young children, the single-pass tunneling technique is safe and avoids one source of complications.	2
Gynaecomastia, however, persisted even after three months of cessation of therapy.	2
The constellation of chronic cough, dyspnea, and hemoptysis can include a broad range of differential diagnoses.	2
The critical care provider is faced with deducing the etiology and treatment of delirium in the ICU.	2
Adjustments in his drug regimen led to the discovery of pseudoparkinsonism and other extrapyramidal symptoms.	2
RESULTS: The injection demonstrated the block in the catheter.	2
This case highlights many key points for treatment of psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis with biologics.	2
None of these patients were operated on.	2
OBJECTIVE: We describe the prolonged clinical benefit of murine chimeric antitumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha monoclonal antibody, infliximab, on pediatric patients with Crohn's disease and ileal pouch anal anastomosis (IPAA).	2
The incidence of RS among children with juvenile rheumatoid arthritis is significantly greater than the incidence of RS among children who do not have juvenile rheumatoid arthritis.	2
Improvements in sexual function (62%), socializing (70%), sleep (68%), and skin color (51%) were also noted.	2
Two weeks later, he died of fungal septicemia and multiorgan failure.	2
Further signs were hyperhidrosis, hypersalivation, bronchorrhoea, and severe miosis; the electrocardiographic finding was atrio-ventricular dissociation.	2
Hyperinfection with strongyloides following treatment with systemic steroids explains the presence of eosinophilia and splenic involvement.	2
Cerebrospinal fluid penetration and bacteriostatic activity of linezolid against Enterococcus faecalis in a child with a ventriculoperitoneal shunt infection.	2
Administration of multiple doses of meperidine in patients with hepatic disease should be discouraged.	2
Previously noted abnormal signal intensities have nearly disappreared on follow-up MRI obtained on the 22nd day after the first seizure.	2
Necrotizing pancreatitis after transcatheter arterial chemoembolization for hepatocellular carcinoma.	2
In view of previous reports that SIADH and limbic encephalitis are caused by reactivation of latent herpesviruses after transplantation, both conditions may be secondarily caused by reactivation of latent herpesviruses, which is typically observed in DIHS/DRESS.	2
Evaluation of the literature provides substantial evidence for the use of hydrocortisone in prevention of cardiac arrhythmias.	2
The patients treated with bromocriptine at 7.5-15 mg/day adjunctive to l-dopa were selected to replace bromocriptine with pergolide of the equivalent dosage approved in Japan.	2
As anti-myeloperoxidase anti-neutrophil cytoplasmic antibodies (MPO-ANCA) were positive, she was diagnosed with ANCA-associated vasculitis and treated with corticosteroids.	2
The onset of symptoms after fluorescence in both cases is highly suggestive, although the pathogenetic mechanism is not clear.	2
A 27-year-old woman was admitted because of breathlessness, orthopnea, and hemoptysis.	2
Her hearing gradually, then completely returned 2-3 months after the vincristine therapy was discontinued.	2
More than 15,000 cases have been treated by chemonucleolysis world-wide.	2
This study describes the inheritance of a defect in pyrimidine catabolism and its association with drug-induced toxicity in a patient receiving 5-fluorouracil (FUra) as adjuvant chemotherapy for breast carcinoma.	2
Her initial EEG showed a pattern of spindle coma with some responsivity of the background.	2
Seven years later, after chemotherapy with chlorambucil, chronic myelogenous leukemia was diagnosed in addition to the chronic lymphocytic leukemia.	2
The reduced retinal edema and realignment of the photoreceptors may promote the release phenomenon and trigger hallucinatory episodes.	2
CK and myoglobin levels normalized a week later.	2
Several responses and 2 complete remissions occurred.	2
She received several vasoactive infusions during her admission, including nesiritide.	2
Eosinophilic pleural effusion is defined as an effusion in which eosinophils constitute more than 10% of white blood cells.	2
By contrast, the appearance of a hypercalcemia has yet to be described.	2
Two patients with non-miliary pulmonary tuberculosis developed a syndrome resembling adult respiratory distress following initiation of drug treatment.	2
Severe clinical bleeding secondary to clotting dysfunction has not been previously reported.	2
However, progression to overt cardiac failure has only recently been reported in one patient with pre-existing heart disease.	2
Neither patient had a history of meningioma initially and both were being treated interferon when the meningioma was progressed.	2
This potentially fatal complication is difficult to treat and should be widely known.	2
Therefore, black cohosh-induced fluid retention and coagulation activation should be considered in differential diagnosis, especially if thrombosis has been excluded.	2
Remission of psoriasis after treatment with interferon-alfa and 2-chlordeoxyadenosine for hairy cell leukemia.	2
This gave almost total resolution of the injury.	2
De novo hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection after orthotopic liver transplantation (OLT) always progresses to chronic hepatitis because of the patients' immunocompromised status, and only a few then acquire hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg) seroconversion even with efficient antiviral therapy.	2
Free SDCs were obtained using an ultrafiltration and fluorescence polarization immunoassay system in three patients over periods of up to 204 hours after Fab administration.	2
Intraocular ointment after small-incision cataract surgery causing chronic uveitis and secondary glaucoma.	2
At 26 weeks' gestation, she was transferred to our center.	2
In this report, we describe a novel presentation of interface inflammation that resembles DLK in appearance but presents late in the postoperative period, is associated with increased intraocular pressure, and is exacerbated by steroid treatment.	2
Complete relief of pain was noted in 73% of patients during the treatment.	2
Diffusion-weighted MRI (DWI) may help to distinguish between ischemic stroke and chemotherapy-related leukoencephalopathy.	2
Cryptococcus neoformans has been reported to be isolated from blood cultures in around 20% of patients with cryptococcosis, and cryptococcemia has been correlated with poor prognosis.	2
Of 165 consecutive patients undergoing computerized tomography- or magnetic resonance imaging-guided stereotactic brain biopsies at the Cleveland Clinic between June, 1987, and November, 1989, four patients (2.4%) developed arterial hemorrhage refractory to conventional efforts to secure hemostasis.	2
One patient developed late peripheral embolization most probably due to late mobilisation of a thrombotic fragment.	2
The present study retrospectively investigated the utility of a novel combination chemotherapy regimen for treating multifocal HCC resistant to TAE.	2
Porcine factor VIII (pFVIII), which is used to control bleeding in patients with congenital or acquired haemophilia who have high-titre neutralizing antibodies to human FVIII, is not known to increase the risk of arterial or venous thrombosis.	2
Physical examination revealed diaphoresis, low-grade fever, hypertension, tachycardia, bilateral cogwheel rigidity, hyperreflexia, tremor, and myoclonus, symptoms and signs that are consistent with severe SS.	2
PURPOSE: We examined an 82-year-old woman with delayed-onset endophthalmitis caused by an opportunistic pathogen, Ovadendron sulphureo-ochraceum.	2
The total number of nucleated cells infused was 0.8 x 108/kg, with CD34+ cells 1.8 x 106/kg and CFU-GM 1 x 104/kg.	2
CASE REPORTS: We report 3 patients with chronic schizophrenia who had previously stopped clozapine due to hematologic side effects.	2
Nine of the 11 patients were also taking corticosteroids or corticosteroids with MTX.	2
The most common presenting symptoms and signs were confusion, agitation, diaphoresis, tachycardia, myoclonus, and hyperreflexia.	2
The mother also falsified the laboratory data to erase from her daughter's file a laboratory result documenting warfarin in the blood.	2
Buphthalmos following systemic steroid treatment.	2
Subsequent joint aspiration revealed monosodium urate monohydrate crystals.	2
Before the myocardial infarction, the patient was in good condition, normotensive, non-diabetic, non-obese.	2
New drugs have been introduced to manage the cardinal motor symptoms of PD, and other agents have been borrowed to treat the nonmotor manifestations of the illness.	2
This article is a guide to its usage in children and includes discussion of its indications, contraindications, pre-treatment laboratory studies, dosing and drug interactions.	2
Bone marrow aspiration day +4 still showed hypo-normocellular marrow, with remaining 6% plasma cells.	2
DESIGN: interventional case report.	2
Dramatic clinical improvement occurred in 2 patients treated with high dose steroids.	2
Fatal acute tumor lysis syndrome with metastatic breast carcinoma.	2
It is usually a consequence of direct extension from an underlying bony lesion, in the setting of multiple myeloma.	2
The potential arrhythmogenic effects of alcohol have recently been studied electrophysiologically.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Placement of a central venous catheter for infusion therapy, chemotherapy and blood sampling has improved the quality of life of cancer patients.	2
Disabling errors of skin keratinization.	2
Gastrointestinal haemorrhage necessitated the use of misoprostol.	2
RESULTS: High-contrast round bodies suggestive of Acanthamoeba cysts, as previously described, and irregular forms suggestive of Acanthamoeba trophozoites were found by tandem scanning confocal microscopy.	2
CASE HISTORY: A 58-year-old male Caucasian developed delayed onset diffuse lamellar keratitis, seemingly in the absence of an epithelial defect, 25 days following an enhancement LASIK procedure to his right eye.	2
This is largely a result of the low levels of compliance.	2
Therefore long-term suppressive antibiotic treatment was not indicated.	2
Death ensued after three days due to cerebral edema with herniation.	2
Antivenin reactions developed in three.	2
Acute colonic diverticular perforation presenting as left ear pain and facial swelling due to cervical subcutaneous emphysema in a patient administered corticosteroids.	2
A 63-year-old woman with seropositive rheumatoid arthritis was successfully treated with auranofin for 12 months.	2
In conclusion, the in vitro susceptibility assay as well as nucleotide sequence of clinical isolate is important to choose appropriate antiviral agents for patients who have persistent CMV reactivation after stem cell transplantation.	2
IL-2 was part of the regimen.	2
Possible reasons and clinical significance of this complication are discussed.	2
The patient was admitted to our hospital due to diabetic ketoacidosis.	2
We report an unusual case of a leiomyosarcoma of the urinary bladder after chemotherapy for retinoblastoma and the results of a review of the published reports of bladder sarcomas.	2
The development of a rifampin-impregnated silicone catheter yielded excellent results in infection prevention and treatment in vitro as well as in an animal model.	2
Histopathology of the lesions was compatible with pemphigus foliaceus, although apoptotic cells suggestive of erythema multiforme were seen in two cases.	2
The patient was ultimately treated with a combination of leflunomide and foscarnet.	2
Desensitization to pancreatic enzyme intolerance in a child with cystic fibrosis.	2
Recent studies have reported that patients with GD are at an increased risk of developing malignancies.	2
Isoniazid was stopped and patient was continued on R & E till completion of the treatment up to nine months.	2
IMPLICATIONS: Switching from bupivacaine to lidocaine may improve intrathecal morphine analgesia in advanced cancer patients, possibly because of different spinal mechanisms limiting the hyperalgesic processes.	2
Additionally, irregularities in the cone photoreceptor density and mosaic were seen in areas with normal HVF 10-2 and SD-OCT findings.	2
However, clozapine must be used cautiously due to its side effect profile.	2
This pediatric case report describes a massive overdose without significant side effects, thus suggesting a beneficial therapeutic index in pediatric patients.	2
Single drug level measurements may therefore be of little diagnostic value.	2
Both were suffering from acute and chronic GVHD and treated with heavy immunosuppression including steroids and cyclosporine.	2
After the remission of the hypoalbuminemia and thrombocytopenia, the macular edema observed by OCT disappeared and visual acuity returned to normal.	2
Cornea transplantation was required in two of six eyes for dense central corneal scarring.	2
A 57-year-old woman received 400 mL (62.4 mg) of a cisplatin solution concentrated to deliver cisplatin 100 mg/m2 during her first attempted therapy.	2
We present a case of hemorrhagic stroke after cesarean delivery under combined spinal-epidural anesthesia in an 35-year-old Hispanic patient treated with anticoagulants for protein C deficiency.	2
Myotonia associated with sarcoidosis is rare.	2
Five patients were infected with a nontyphosal Salmonella species, Salmonella oslo.	2
The challenge test for Stevens-Johnson syndrome type drug allergy is very risky.	2
On a compassionate basis, she then received oral posaconazole, 800 mg/d, in divided doses for 6 months.	2
Although evidence of congestive heart failure was evident, dialysis was avoided without significant sequelae.	2
We report a case of severe hyperphosphatemia resulting in transient acute renal failure corrected rapidly by hemodialysis.	2
An infection had spread up the right leg, after she had been swimming on holiday in the Canary Islands.	2
The resulting pneumonitis may be severe and irreversible.	2
Pathology revealed the sarcoma adjacent to the recurrent ependymoma.	2
We report two patients with acquired fistulas between the internal mammary and pulmonary arteries after coronary bypass surgery.	2
Cyanoacrylate glue for type iii lad perforation.	2
CASE REPORT: We present cases of 10 patients with Type 2 diabetes mellitus who developed acute renal failure and severe lactic acidosis.	2
The present patient was a 66-year-old Japanese woman who developed a cardiac arrhythmia and was given amiodarone as an anti-arrhythmic agent for approximately 3 months, until the day before her death.	2
In each case, renal dysfunction and BK viral load progressed despite reduced immunosuppression, and persistent BK virus infection was documented in serial renal allograft biopsy specimens.	2
The acronym 'EMPACT' is suggested (E: erythema; M: multiforme; associated with P: phenytoin; A: and; C: cranial, radiation; T: therapy) to best describe this disorder.	2
Seven years after the transplantation, cholelithiasis, cholecystitis, cholangitis and subsequently secondary chronic biliary sclerosis were detected.	2
Two other cases of shunt infection during the same time period were treated for only 2 days with intraventricular vancomycin and did not manifest CSFE.	2
Eyelid necrosis following intralesional corticosteroid injection for capillary hemangioma.	2
The case of a pregnant woman with a breast mass that proved to be a granulocytic sarcoma is presented.	2
The etiology of the chorioretinitis was confirmed by serology to be syphilis.	2
Recently, atypical antipsychotics have been more widely used in the treatment of behavioral and psychological symptoms with dementia (BPSD) than conventional neuroleptics because of a reduced tendency for movement disorders and psychomotor retardation.	2
CASE REPORT: A 37-year-old white female patient admitted with epigastric pain and heartburn symptoms.	2
We recommend following daily cell counts and vancomycin peak and trough levels to calculate the amount and frequency of intraventricular vancomycin required to maintain safe and effective concentrations and to monitor for CSFE.	2
Hydatid disease: the alveolar variety in Australia.	2
Continuous infusions of thrombolytic agents were used in both patients for approximately 24 h.	2
We describe an infant who developed juvenile glaucoma with buphthalmos while receiving systemic steroid treatment.	2
A 55-year-old woman who had been receiving treatment with amiodarone for recurrent supraventricular tachyarrhythmias became thyrotoxic after 30 months of treatment.	2
The only comparable case previously reported (Lai et al., 1991) showed close similarities in the clinical, biological and histological manifestations with microvesicular steatosis.	2
An 18-year-old male patient was under treatment with infliximab at a dose of 5 mg/kg at Weeks 0, 2 and 6 for refractory Crohn's disease.	2
Despite their effectiveness, anti-TNF drugs have some drawbacks such as severe adverse effects including infections and possibly lymphoproliferative disorders.	2
Treatment of severe lactic acidosis with dichloroacetate.	2
However, clinical manifestations and treatment options have rarely been described in the pediatric literature.	2
Eleven of 37 patients developed abnormal PT and/or PTT.	2
Consequently, this is a likely, although rare, possible adverse effect with propafenone for which patients should be monitored.	2
Three patients (five eyes) with intraocular lymphoma were also treated with a 1 mg injection of rituximab.	2
The patient was placed on ethacrynic acid until she was desensitized to furosemide.	2
The increasing number of doses administered worldwide has revealed rare but important adverse effects that had not occurred during clinical trials.	2
When isolated from the blood and/or the CSF of a patient with a CSF shunt who has symptoms and signs compatible with infection, the organism should not be dismissed as a contaminant.	2
The rationale of suggesting N-AC and IVIG for the treatment of this syndrome relies on the theoretical synergistic effects of the two agents.	2
Renal function was restored after withdrawal of enalapril and initiation of steroid therapy.	2
CSF examination revealed an inflammatory profile.	2
A 54-year-old woman with recurrent adenocarcinoma of the uterus was treated with new third-generation cephalosporin, cefmenoxime, for a urinary tract infection.	2
A multi-drug intoxication fatality involving Xyrem (GHB).	2
The considerable improvement remained for the 36 weeks studied.	2
Drug discontinuation resulted in complete resolution of the clinical and radiographic picture.	2
Tacrolimus (FK-506) is an important immunosuppressive agent most often given for maintenance immunosuppression to prevent acute cellular organ rejection.	2
A spinal-cord injury can alter every aspect of a victim's life.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Intravitreal injection of triamcinolone is a commonly performed treatment for many retinal conditions.	2
The infection was successfully managed with liposomal amphotericin B and functional endoscopic sinus surgery.	2
Radiation was continued without chemotherapy.	2
It is estimated that 3-10% of children with acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) experience acute, transient neurotoxicity during induction chemotherapy.	2
After the patient discontinued the use of the glucocorticoid eyedrops, his cushingoid features gradually faded, and his blood pressure and serum glucose levels normalized.	2
Subsequent serial electro- and echocardiograms were normal.	2
A case is described, believed to be the first reported, of a newborn in whom severe hyperreninemic hypertension developed after pyeloplasty of a hydronephrotic kidney.	2
Enzyme replacement therapy for Gaucher's disease in patient treated for non-small cell lung cancer.	2
With rapid recognition and treatment of the syndrome, the patient fully recovered.	2
Acute leukemia after cytotoxic treatment for nonmalignant disease in childhood.	2
Successful treatment of disseminated cutaneous phaeohyphomycosis in a dog.	2
Outpatient carboplatin desensitization in a pediatric patient with bilateral optic glioma.	2
Bone marrow biopsy showed selectively inhibited erythropoiesis with giant pronormoblasts.	2
The procedure was carried out without fluoroscopic control and was complicated by a puncture of the thecal sack.	2
We present a case of interaction between ritonavir and carbamazepine.	2
A case is reported in which treatment was given on postnatal day 3.	2
Complete remission was observed after 6 to 10 weeks of imiquimod 5% (10 mg/cm of skin cancer) treatment.	2
Preexisting hyperparathyroidism is the most common cause of post-transplantation hypercalcemia.	2
The fifth patient experienced nausea and discontinued treatment after 4 weeks.	2
CONCLUSION: It is important to maintain an awareness for the possible association between HIV lipodystrophy and symptomatic epidural lipomatosis.	2
This case, which afforded a unique opportunity to follow the consequences of weakening scapular stabilizers over time, provides evidence for the etiologic role of scapular dyskinesis in SIS and shows that SIS is a potential complication of botulinum therapy for myofascial pain involving the scapular stabilizers.	2
Methotrexate inhibits the enzyme dihydrofolate reductase and prevents the formation of DNA and RNA.	2
Cerebral infarction due to an embolism after cervical pedicle screw fixation.	2
Two animals were injected with balanced salt solution as controls.	2
Therapeutic control was reestablished in both patients after therapy with the original levothyroxine product was reinstated.	2
In addition, a partial recovery of the scotopic b-wave full-field ERG was noted 19 years after cessation of treatment.	2
Much of the existing data comes from the neurology literature regarding epilepsy.	2
Weaning from the cardiopulmonary bypass was easy and uneventful in each patient.	2
We conclude that routine therapeutic application of G-CSF in afebrile severe ATDIG is not justified, and in some cases may generate a cascade of iatrogenic adverse events.	2
Because these changes may be effects of parathyroid hormone (PTH), PTH was measured in 19 patients receiving lithium.	2
Teamwork and skillful airway management prevented this patient's demise.	2
Two cases of candidiasis occured in the stomach.	2
Despite surgery and combination therapy with voriconazole, caspofungin, and terbinafine, the patient died 8 months after transplantation.	2
However, graft function could not be restored.	2
Six months after the diagnosis of sarcoidosis, the patient was asymptomatic and a complete sustained response to hepatitis C was achieved.	2
Therefore, we gradually reduced the opiate dosage.	2
Paranoid psychosis may result from intoxication with, or withdrawal from amphetamines.	2
The efficacy of corticosteroid therapy in the treatment of eosinophilia has not been clearly established.	2
Treatment consisted of topical application of 0.1% tacrolimus ointment three times a day.	2
Successful treatment of cryptococcal ventriculoatrial shunt infection with systemic therapy alone.	2
Only three cases have been described in the literature.	2
An epidural blood patch was performed and enoxaparin was prescribed for 6 months.	2
Sodium thiosulfate in the treatment of tumoral calcifications in a hemodialysis patient without hyperparathyroidism.	2
Treatment with isotretinoin appeared to shorten her recovery period.	2
The patient responded to lamivudine treatment with HBeAg seroconversion and significant regression of fibrosis.	2
The mean age of onset is around puberty and boys suffer more commonly as they are more inclined to play video games.	2
The patient developed hypovolemic shock with abdominal pain and distension and further evidence of myocardial necrosis.	2
Although cortisol has a distinct circadian rhythm, patients with adrenal insufficiency usually receive diurnal hydrocortisone replacement therapy (HRT), disregarding possible consequences for sleep quality.	2
At first, these symptoms were thought to be related to the drug's antipsychotic effect.	2
Histopathologic study of the ecthyma gangrenosum-like lesion, as well as pustular lesions, revealed epidermal necrosis and an inflammatory infiltrate in the upper dermis, with numerous septate hyphae demonstrated by periodic acid-Schiff stain.	2
Carbamazepine was discontinued and the patient remained asymptomatic.	2
The presentation can be varied depending on severity.	2
Bicarbonate hemodialysis treatment should take place early in the course of management, especially in patients with severe metabolic acidosis who fail to respond to intravenous bicarbonate therapy or in whom renal failure is present.	2
Autopsy examination revealed obstruction of the small pulmonary veins with edematous thickening of the intima.	2
The second patient underwent peritoneal dialysis and also had significant problems with hypertension.	2
A neuroprotective and neuroregenerative treatment attempt with pyridoxine and pyridostigmine was initiated.	2
Baseline examination and investigations were performed, including fundus fluorescein angiography, and the patients were given a single intravitreal injection of triamcinolone (4 mg/0.1 mL).	2
Detection of VZV DNA in blood may be useful for early diagnosis in immunocompromised hosts who present with zoster without skin lesions.	2
Further refinements for customization of articulating spacers have been attempted (Rand 1993, Goldman et al. 1996).	2
Careful assessment of all VADs is important to identify complications such as fibrin sheath formation, which can potentially lead to extravasation.	2
We describe two patients with Boerhaave's syndrome who presented with chest pain mimicking cardiac pain and received heparin therapy.	2
A 53-year-old woman, who had shad a VP shunt implanted 3 months previously for hydrocephalus due to intracranial hemorrhage, presented with fever off and on, drowsiness and seizure attacks for 1 week.	2
RESULTS: A literature search of publication between 1999 and October 2008 retrieved 34 cases of hepatitis.	2
New therapeutic approaches are therefore warranted.	2
Early discontinuation of anticonvulsants after neonatal seizures: a preliminary report.	2
All other factors, including laboratory data, dietary intake, activity level, and concurrent use of other medications, were stable and noncontributory.	2
METHODS: Case report RESULTS: A patient presented after two weeks of unsuccessful treatment of a corneal ulcer in her right eye.	2
The strong position taken against narcotic use in Cope's Early Diagnosis of the Acute Abdomen is probably the reason for the perpetuation of the myth of avoiding narcotics for pain relief in patients with undiagnosed acute abdominal conditions.	2
The eruption was characterized by generalized, pruritic, eczematous dermatitis.	2
Twenty-four-hour ambulatory pH monitoring demonstrated decreased acid reflux 8 weeks after withdrawal of nifedipine, with coincidental symptomatic and endoscopic improvement.	2
DESIGN: Case series.	2
When patch test are performed with several drugs of the same family, results seem to indicate an absence of cross-sensitivity, but in several patients, oral provocation test were needed because patch test gave no conclusive information.	2
We are unaware of any previous cases of statin-mediated unmasking of RMD.	2
Therapy must be installed immediately, before additional investigations, and should be continued even when initial neuroimaging is negative.	2
Open-lung biopsy revealed numerous lipid-laden macrophages and multinucleated foreign-body giant cells.	2
EPS resolved completely after discontinuing the neuroleptic agent and coincided with improved motor speed, set initiation, and verbal fluency.	2
Maternal immunosuppression and cytomegalovirus infection of the fetus.	2
For the treatment of visual loss, differential diagnosis is important between infection and adverse effect of anti-tuberculous drugs.	2
Management of toxic epidermal necrolysis in a 15-year-old girl.	2
Hyperosmolar hyperglycemic nonketotic coma.	2
A symmetric elevation of diaphragms was shown on radiography and fluoroscopy.	2
RESULTS: The combination of the two systemic medications resulted in the resolution of the attack with a much more rapid time course than is seen typically for extreme cases of TiACG.	2
The authors present a woman with profound lower extremity weakness and sensory abnormality after falling asleep in the head-to-knees yoga position (also called "Paschimottanasana").	2
Finally, the patient entered complete hematological and cytogenetic remission, although the PML-RAR alpha fusion product was still detectable by PCR.	2
This adverse reaction is more common in children than adults and is rarely symptomatic.	2
Cultures of the anterior chamber were positive for Candida glabrata.	2
Granulocyte macrophage-colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF) has shown promise as a means of alleviating leukopenia associated with a wide variety of disorders.	2
MANAGEMENT: Thalidomide withdrawal, dexamethasone maintenance therapy, monthly oral courses of combined melphalan and prednisone, salvage therapy with bortezomib.	2
The diagnosis was initially thought to be a recurrence of idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura (ITP) that had initially occurred in 1992 and had required splenectomy.	2
We describe nine patients with cardioembolic stroke who experienced clinical deterioration associated with computed tomography-documented hemorrhagic transformation.	2
DESIGN: Observational case report.	2
At autopsy, a disseminated fungal infection was found.	2
We describe the case of a 20-year-old Caucasian male affected by enteropathic (Crohn's disease) spondyloarthropathy HLA B27 negative, successfully treated with infliximab.	2
Bland emollients and reduction in the dose of PLD resulted in resolution of the eruption.	2
A biopsy of the deltoid muscle showed vacuolar degeneration of striated muscle fibers with no inflammatory findings.	2
Eighteen tablets (72 mg) of her tiagabine prescription were missing.	2
We report a further case with pathological and endocrine details together with a review of the seven cases previously reported and possible mechanisms.	2
The vasodilating action of calcium-channel blockers decreases the systemic pressure and in turn, may increase the pressure gradient and the left ventricular end-diastolic pressure.	2
This complication has not previously been described in association with vasopressin infusion into peripheral veins.	2
METHODS: Case reports and associated biopsy findings.	2
Dermal side reactions to SSRI-drugs in these patients may be due to high activity in the serotonergic system at the dermal and epidermo-dermal junctional area rather than a hypersensitivity to the drug molecule itself.	2
RESULTS: The patient underwent anticoagulation therapy without removal of screw.	2
She had previously been treated unsuccessfully with a number of atypical antipsychotic medications, before she was eventually started on clozapine.	2
We describe the case of a 10-year-old girl with two epileptic seizures and subcontinuous spike-waves during sleep, who presented unusual side-effects related to clobazam (CLB) monotherapy.	2
Her left ovarian cyst was extirpated surgically, and the histological diagnosis was endometrial cyst.	2
The overall case fatality rate was 72%; those patients with ARDS had a 95% mortality rate, while 50% of those without ARDS survived.	2
De novo hypertension after liver transplantation.	2
How much do novel antipsychotics benefit the patients?	2
Combined thrombolytic therapy for prosthetic mitral valve thrombosis.	2
Anxiety disorders are currently one of the most common health concerns in the United States.	2
CLS is seen in conditions such as septic shock or may result from conditions such as multitrauma and pancreatitis, which result in the systemic inflammatory response syndrome (SIRS).	2
Treatment with aripiprazole resulted in a reduction in the frequency, duration, and severity of episodes of alternating hemiplegia, along with other therapeutic benefits.	2
He also suffered from acute stroke, and brain magnetic resonance angiography showed total left internal carotid artery occlusion.	2
An 8-year-old girl with pauciarticular disease, antinuclear antibody, and uncontrollable iridocyclitis underwent 16 plasma exchanges with 5% albumin solution as replacement; despite removal of antinuclear antibody, her eye disease and arthritis were not helped.	2
This syndrome is not well known but is associated with a high mortality rate.	2
The nephrotic syndrome was treated successfully with prednisolone.	2
In our view, GM-CSF should be given as early as possible with enough dosage for promoting early hematological reconstruction.	2
We present a patient who had undergone renal transplantation referred for recurrent sinusitis.	2
The drug acted through: (a) an already known inappropriate release of ADH, and (b) a hitherto unreported tubular lesion, which impaired the reabsorption of sodium and other coupled solutes.	2
This case reveals that HPS could develop after alloBMT, even when engraftment of hematopoietic cells is not confirmed.	2
A massive digitoxin (DGTX) intoxication in a 36-year-old man (35 mg DGTX) was treated by prolonged and repeated i.v.-infusions of Fab fragments of anti-digitalis antibodies (FAB).	2
Interferon and other immunostimulatory medications can lead to an exacerbation of this preexisting low-grade chronic inflammation that is quite similar to interferon-triggered sarcoidosis.	2
Lithium medication during pregnancy is uncommon and the problems of a neonate who has been exposed to lithium represents a rare situation in neonatology.	2
In May of 1997 a drug inadvertently injected intrathecally caused severe neurological damage and death to a child.	2
He recovered completely after lamivudine therapy was started, but this severe adverse event could have been prevented if screening for HBV and pre-emptive therapy with lamivudine would have been started prior to infliximab.	2
At its peak the daily protein loss was 35.82 g.	2
Complete dissolution was achieved with a combination of i.v. tissue plasminogen activator and heparin.	2
He had experienced subarachnoid hemorrhage (SAH) from a left vertebral dissecting aneurysm, and had subsequently received a ventriculoperitoneal shunt against post-SAH hydrocephalus.	2
Follow-up magnetic resonance imaging 2 weeks later showed complete resolution of the abnormalities.	2
Although current recommendations state that TZDs should not be administered to patients with New York Heart Association class III or IV disease, practitioners should be aware that these adverse effects also may occur in patients with milder forms heart failure as well as those without heart failure.	2
Cases illustrating the following concepts are presented.	2
Traditional topical measures to reduce local tissue damage, including corticosteroids, sodium bicarbonate, and ice applications, have not consistently demonstrated beneficial effects.	2
Biventricular thrombi in dilated cardiomyopathy: massive simultaneous pulmonary and systemic embolisation.	2
The results in this case suggest that cyclosporin is an effective agent in patients with severe sight threatening Mooren's ulcer.	2
Persistent right umbilical vein--case report and review of literature.	2
The patient recovered from oligoanuria to almost normal renal function, and heart, brain, and musculoskeletal injury was reversible.	2
Fatal chickenpox in a patient with nephrotic syndrome.	2
Oral antiviral and topical steroids in tapered dosages were administered.	2
Concentric retinal pigment epithelium atrophy after a single photodynamic therapy.	2
Successful repair of myocardial free wall rupture after thrombolytic therapy for acute infarction.	2
Neuroleptic-induced "painful legs and moving toes" syndrome: successful treatment with clonazepam and baclofen.	2
Among these 3 cases, all had favorable prognosis despite having jaundiced hepatitis.	2
The use of sunitinib in dialysis patients is poorly described but is of clinical importance.	2
Ishihara color plates showed normal color vision.	2
In the following months, these lesions increased in number and size and neurologic symptoms developed.	2
Bronchoalveolar lavage (BAL) revealed lymphocyte alveolitis with a low CD4/CD8 ratio (0.36), consistent with an immunoallergic phenomenon, rather than the most often evoked toxic hypothesis.	2
The clinical polysomnographic (PSG) reports of 2,650 consecutive adults studied during 41 months were reviewed retrospectively to identify all patients treated with fluoxetine or tricyclic antidepressants.	2
Antibiotic irrigation of the capsular bag can resolve chronic, low-grade endophthalmitis in culture-positive patients unresponsive to the same drugs administered by other routes, including conventional intraocular injection.	2
Seven patients with rheumatoid disease were given the iron-chelating drug desferrioxamine (DFX) to evaluate its possible anti-inflammatory effects.	2
Amantadine was therefore discontinued.	2
METHODS: We present a detailed case report, review the related literature, and suggest the need for prospective studies to determine the appropriate intervention in critically ill patients with pseudo-Cushing's syndrome.	2
PURPOSE: To report our experience with late vitritis associated with keratoprosthesis (KPro).	2
Some patients received antiviral therapy for hepatitis B (specifically lamivudine) before, during, or after TNF-alpha inhibitors were started.	2
Eight of the 12 events were subjected to vitreous tap and injection of antibiotics and steroids on the day of presentation.	2
A disulfiram-like reaction was noticed each time.	2
The patient had been receiving acenocoumarol 4 mg/d for 10 years for episodes of atrial fibrillation and recurrent deep venous thrombosis.	2
The response to chemotherapy was not satisfactory.	2
It seems that the favorable outcome of the potentially fatal pneumonia observed in this patient might be related to early diagnosis, and prompt administration of ganciclovir and standard high-dose immunoglobulins.	2
Best known are urticaria, erythema, and pruritus; sometimes pseudoallergic anaphylactoid reactions, and blisters are reported.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Bosentan may significantly decrease the anticoagulant properties of warfarin.	2
The target antigen, cause of the positive direct antiglobulin test (DAT) and mechanism of hemolysis have been the subject of controversy.	2
However, thin conjunctiva is susceptible to mechanical injury and is difficult to repair with suturing, especially when the point of leakage is close to the scleral flap.	2
CONCLUSION: Although uncontrolled case observations can only be interpreted with caution quetiapine seems to deserve further investigation and may hold the potential for preventing alcohol relapse in alcoholics suffering from additional above-mentioned symptoms.	2
In 6 patients with tumours secreting gastrin and/or glucagon, secretion of these peptides was acutely inhibited by SMS 201-995.	2
A 62-year-old Japanese man who was positive for hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg) and anti-HBe antibody, underwent chemotherapy for non-Hodgkin's lymphoma (NHL).	2
The second episode ended when lamivudine dosage was reduced.	2
Agrobacterium yellow group: bacteremia and possible septic arthritis following peripheral blood stem cell transplantation.	2
Endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography demonstrated normal biliary tree and pancreatic ducts.	2
Awareness of this may obviate the need for extensive medical evaluations.	2
Mucormycosis is a very rare opportunistic mycotic infection of diabetic children.	2
It has been suggested that quinolones may produce an epileptogenic effect by inhibiting the binding of gamma-aminobutyric acid to its receptor sites in the brain.	2
Six of the patients were no longer receiving vigabatrin.	2
A less frequent side effect that is becoming more recognized is neurologic toxicity.	2
We detected proteinuria, serum cholesterol of 269 mg/dl, AST of 50 U/L, ALT of 41 U/L, serum total protein of 3.4 g/dl, serum albumin of 1.2 g/dl, positive cryoglobulin, and urine protein of 9.84 g/day.	2
Renal biopsy demonstrated changes classic for acute allergic tubulointerstitial nephritis (ATIN), with mixed interstitial inflammatory infiltrate including eosinophils.	2
Neutrophilic eccrine hidradenitis (NEH) is a neutrophilic dermatosis primarily affecting the eccrine glands, and most commonly seen in patients undergoing chemotherapy for treatment of a malignancy.	2
E. avium bacteremias were polymicrobial in seven cases; in six cases, the coisolates were gastrointestinal organisms.	2
Abdominal CT showed diffuse swelling of the pancreas, with two distinct masses in the corpus and the tail.	2
CASE: A 58-year-old Caucasian woman was referred to our hospital for chronic unilateral granulomatous panuveitis of the right eye (RE).	2
Effective treatment includes daily oral hygiene and periodic professional prophylaxis.	2
One year later, she has minimal joint discomfort and no rash or gastrointestinal symptoms despite also discontinuing prednisone and methotrexate.	2
The use of protease Inhibitors (PI) has been associated with many adverse effects including increased tendency to bleed, which is particularly problematic in individuals with congenital coagulation disorders.	2
Several authors have speculated bacteraemic patient without having meningitis LP might actually cause meningitis.	2
Unexpectedly high toxicity of MACOP-B in young patients with low grade lymphoma.	2
Leflunomide, an immunosuppressive drug used in rheumatoid arthritis and in rejection in solid-organ transplantation, has been reported to have novel anti-CMV activity.	2
Routine electrophysiological repetitive nerve stimulation studies recording amplitude of initial compound muscle action potential (CMAP) in thenar muscles correlate excellently with clinical myasthenic muscle power tests in clinically affected muscle groups.	2
One patient also manifested marked disinhibited and disruptive sexual behavior.	2
Outcome of pregnancy in women treated with all-trans retinoic acid; a case report and review of literature.	2
Although urinary incontinence is listed as one side effect of these drugs in their package inserts there is only one report in the literature.	2
Rhodococcus equi is a bacterial pathogen of domestic animals that can infect immunocompromised patients, especially those with impaired cellular immunity, such as transplant recipients.	2
It is therefore one of the most serious long-term complications of current cancer treatment and is likely to increase as longer survival rates for the primary tumour are achieved.	2
Development of platinum hypersensitivity can limit therapeutic options.	2
DISCUSSION: A literature search showed no reports of an interaction between warfarin and levamisole.	2
A careful risk-benefit analysis is mandatory in patients with abnormal collateral vessels.	2
After three weeks of treatment an itching rash appeared.	2
An association between gadolinium-containing contrast and the development of nephrogenic systemic fibrosis (NSF) has been increasingly recognized.	2
Three patients with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection presented with QT, prolongation (> 440 ms) and torsades de pointes.	2
The effects of aprotinin, a broad-based proteinase inhibitor, in the management of hemorrhagic complications during prolonged venovenous extracorporeal CO2 removal in patients with adult respiratory distress syndrome are not evaluated.	2
Nocardia Asteroides was isolated from fine-needle aspiration material of the thyroid abscess.	2
A rare case of malignant osteopetrosis in a 19-year-old girl, who presented with the complication of osteomyelitis of the mandible following tooth extraction, is presented.	2
Serum levels of interferon-gamma, soluble interleukin-2 receptor, interleukin-6, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, and macrophage colony-stimulating factor (M-CSF) were elevated.	2
The criterion for severe infection was inpatient hospitalization.	2
Importantly, this was the first time that information became available about the effects of tamoxifen in healthy women, that is, women who did not already have breast cancer.	2
The patient subsequently developed progressive worsening of her vision and presented to our ED with bilateral visual loss.	2
The potential for adverse system reactions resulting from topical medications should be considered.	2
This report described a case of scrofuloderma that developed in the bilateral inguinal regions during treatment of bullous pemphigoid with systemic corticosteroid.	2
Interventional pain management is an evolving field and the standard of care is broadly defined.	2
A marked decrease in uterine size occurred within 12 months of insertion accompanied by resolution of the menorrhagia and dysmenorrhea.	2
A previously unreported complication of the use of prostaglandin analog medications for glaucoma therapy is described.	2
In November of 2000, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) requested a voluntary recall of the product from all manufacturers.	2
The challenge case showed eosinophilia with 1.2 10(9)/l (z = 1.79, p = 0.04) being followed by normalization despite clozapine continuation, whereas the maximum value reached 2.1 10(9)/l in the single episode case, with consecutive normalization and uninterrupted treatment.	2
Treatment with methoxsalen and UV-A radiation successfully cleared the photosensitive eruption in the patients.	2
Most of these patients benefited from therapy and survived longer (median 5 years) than historical control of untreated patients.	2
Chronic traumatic trigeminal neuralgia.	2
After being seizure-free for at least five years on phenobarbital and carbamazepine, she experienced seizures related to the product change.	2
The authors report 9 cases of dystonic reactions in patients with dementia following the initiation of antipsychotic medication.	2
This illustrates intravenous pamidronate as a valuable therapeutic tool when milk-alkali syndrome presents as hypercalcemic emergency.	2
Close monitoring for QT prolongation or rhythm disturbances is mandatory.	2
The disease started to heal after treatment with topical clobetasol propionate 0.05% and sun exposure during the following summer.	2
The case was unusual in the rapidity and magnitude of hepatic enzyme elevation.	2
Her daily dose was 600 mg (or 12 mg/kg of body weight/day) of hydroxychloroquine.	2
METHOD: Clinical and radiological observations during a rehabilitation program.	2
By searching for the key words AHS, alopecia areata (AA, punctuate absence of terminal scalp hair), AA totalis (complete absence of terminal scalp hair), and AA universalis (total loss of terminal scalp and body hair) using PubMed, only 2 cases, to date, developed alopecia in the convalescent status of phenobarbital-induced AHS.	2
PURPOSE: The purpose of this report is to describe the management and outcome of an unusual complication of a commonly used chemotherapeutic agent.	2
Coagulation activation and fluid retention associated with the use of black cohosh: a case study.	2
MR of the brain was performed in eight patients (mean age, 14.9 years) with osteogenic sarcoma during or after IV treatment with high-dose methotrexate.	2
Cutaneous seeding is a rare complication of interventional ultrasound procedures.	2
The cutaneous lesion consisted of an erythematous and scaly plaque on the leg measuring 2 x 2 cm.	2
The patient was a borderline candidate for mechanical ventilation for 3 weeks.	2
The diagnosis of C. difficile was confirmed by a stool-cytotoxin test and endoscopic examination.	2
Although all patients recovered, hemodialysis hastened the rate of recovery.	2
Dementia affects up to 70% of nursing-home patients, and more than 90% of them exhibit aggressive or agitated behavior or severe depression.	2
Hospital records were reviewed when available.	2
Donepezil for behavioural disorders associated with Lewy bodies: a case series.	2
The etiopathogenesis and management of this condition are presented.	2
Prompt acyclovir therapy can be effective, provided an adequate dose is given.	2
A 41-year-old woman was treated according to a diagnosis of depression, which was her 6th episode.	2
Tissue distribution of olanzapine in a postmortem case.	2
The total amount received was 27 gm.	2
After one course of Campath-1H his hematologic parameters normalized, suggesting that the compound may be an effective therapy for complex immunohematologic disorders complicating hematopoietic stem cell transplantation.	2
We experienced two cases of CE in patients with severe atherosclerosis whose renal function deteriorated within a few months after invasive arterial maneuvers.	2
DISCUSSION: Capecitabine is not intrinsically cytotoxic, but is converted to fluorouracil in tumor tissues via a 3-step enzymatic pathway.	2
Eight to eleven months after starting treatment, TSHRAb positivity and intense scintigraphic uptake confirmed the appearance of Graves' disease.	2
Clinical and ethical considerations are discussed.	2
After six weeks of additional anticoagulation, assessment by computed tomographic scan showed complete resolution of all thrombi.	2
Although conventional MRI correlates have been described for this stroke-like syndrome, DWI data are largely unavailable.	2
Steroid therapy predisposes to early dissemination and a potentially fatal outcome.	2
We report the management of two such patients by use of antiplatelet drugs for a vascular procedure.	2
A skin biopsy specimen revealed microscopic, sterile, neutrophilic abscesses.	2
We present two new cases, and we review 55 additional cases from the literature.	2
The therapeutic implications of this clinical sequence are discussed.	2
SETTING: The Spinal Rehabilitation Department, Loewenstein Hospital, Raanana, Israel.	2
Atypical CD8+ cutaneous T-cell lymphoma after immunomodulatory therapy.	2
Her clinical symptoms improved with discontinuation of pranlukast and administration of systemic corticosteroid.	2
The sensory overload is treatable with oral potassium gluconate, with onset of the therapeutic effect in approximately 20 minutes.	2
Lipodystrophy and serum lipid abnormalities in HIV-positive sub-Saharan population on ART.	2
Toxic epidermal necrolysis (TEN) is a life-threatening bullous dermatosis characterized by the sudden onset of full-thickness epidermal necrosis.	2
We report the first case of Leuconostoc infection in a solid organ transplant recipient.	2
Early symptoms included fever, malaise, and vague gastrointestinal symptoms.	2
The case of a young woman suffering from multiple autoimmune-dysreactive disorders (including thyreoiditis, myasthenia gravis, thymectomy, Crohn's disease, and erythema nodosum), while undergoing steroideal therapy, was complicated by a severe infectious disorder (severe upper urinary tract infection).	2
We describe a 51-year-old woman with sacroiliitis following a fall.	2
A prerenal component could have contributed to renal failure because of a transient hypotension, due to an increasing ascitis, occurring just before anuria.	2
G-CSF (50 micrograms/m2/day, subcutaneous injection) was administered simultaneously with a continuous intravenous infusion of Ara-C (70 mg/m2/day).	2
A 58-year old man was admitted to the hospital because of melena.	2
This case study discusses the new products and traditional treatment products used and presents results of irritant specificity testing and a series of photographs documenting resolution and healing.	2
The case is presented of a 35-year-old woman with major thrombotic obstruction of a 29-mm St.	2
Daptomycin is a lipopeptide antibiotic active against multidrug-resistant gram-positive organisms.	2
This report centers on a patient who developed a disrupted catheter secondary to a high pressure side port injection.	2
These 14 pregnancies resulted in four live infants who had no apparent birth defects, one live-born infant with multiple defects, four spontaneous abortions, and five induced abortions.	2
This case demonstrates that there is no cross reactivity between glyburide and chlorpropamide in producing hemolytic anemia.	2
Cardiovascular, pulmonary, and neurologic complications also occur frequently.	2
Dopaminergic drugs, particularly dopamine agonists, play an important role in triggering these nonmotor symptoms.	2
This fatal complication occurred despite a careful selection of the patient and the presence of a lytic state.	2
RESULTS-A gross mass of hyperplasia tissue found primarily in the left side of her mouth had disappeared and serum IgA which was subnormal at the first visit had normalized.	2
His serum transaminases were slightly elevated and hepatic hyperechogenicity was observed on ultrasonography.	2
In two patients in whom conventional therapy failed, clotrimazole was successful in controlling recurrent infection following penetrating keratoplasty.	2
Judging from the patient's course under treatment specific for M. malmoense, the gastrointestinal symptoms were rather manifestations of a chronic relapsing mycobacterial infection.	2
In addition, the deletion of chromosome no. 20, described as characteristic for PV, was found in 3 cells.	2
PATIENTS: A male infant born by cesarean section with a birth weight of 2.6 kg.	2
Acetylsalicylic acid enhances both minor and major bleedings.	2
DESIGN: Case report.	2
Cortisol concentrations became detectable 2 days after initiation of mifepristone treatment and persisted, being detectable for a period of at least a week after cessation of the drug.	2
We report a case of myasthenia gravis in which the calcium channel blocker-nifedipine caused the worsening of the symptoms.	2
We now describe a case in which local catheter directed thrombolysis, via a peripherally inserted central catheter (PICC), was used to treat a large thrombus surrounding the tip of an indwelling central venous line that was causing superior vena cava obstruction (SVCO), in a patient with cystic fibrosis.	2
This side effect has never been reported for this nitrosourea but only for BCNU and methyl-CCNU.	2
To our knowledge, t(4;11)(p12;q23) has been reported in two previous patients, and MLL and FRYL rearrangement was demonstrated in one of them.	2
Several recent series have suggested that, in most cases, CMV reactivation does not lead to severe complications and resolves spontaneously with the UC flare and discontinuation of immunosuppression.	2
"Broken heart syndrome" after separation (from OxyContin).	2
In a prospective study, we found that 10 of 19 diabetic patients (53%) who had received insulin containing insulin also had high levels of antiprotamine immunoglobulin E.	2
Dasatanib, which has been approved for rescue therapy for patients with imatinib-resistant chronic myelogenous leukemia and Philadelphia chromosome positive acute lymphoblastic leukemia, is a novel, orally available multitargeted kinase inhibitor of BCR-ABL and SRC family kinases (Quintas-Cardama et al, J Clin Oncol 2007;25:3908-14).	2
Because of the difficulty of case collection, understanding of the association of MAHA and anal squamous cell carcinoma remains vague.	2
Steroid therapy improved the airways of the other 8 patients.	2
Recent trends in the diagnosis and management of typhilitis or neutropenic enterocolitis have been reviewed.	2
The authors suggest that these pharmacologic agents should be used cautiously in treating patients with possible movement disorders (tics) and conclude that their findings lend support to the catecholamine hypothesis of the etiology of Gilles de la Tourette's disease.	2
Phase I/II trial for the treatment of cutaneous and subcutaneous tumors using electrochemotherapy.	2
Drug-resistant tuberculosis after gastrectomy.	2
BACKGROUND: The antimycotic synthetic azole compounds are known to lead to toxic liver injury.	2
In both patients seizures were associated with discontinuation of short-term agents with high antimuscarinic properties.	2
Two cases were associated with the development of acute renal failure, whereas the third patient had pre-existing renal impairment.	2
Moreover, the in vitro culture of bone marrow from a second HS patient showed a GM-CSF dose-related increase in colony formation up to a dose of 250 units/ml.	2
In one 12-month period he had 88 separate admissions to an emergency department with severe hypoglycaemic coma requiring intravenous glucose administration.	2
Therefore, contact lens wear should be discontinued to prevent further complications.	2
Serum tryptase levels after intramuscular challenge did not increase significantly with regard to the basal levels.	2
STUDY DESIGN: Case report.	2
A cerebrospinal fluid examination meningitis.	2
The child had a history of heart disease treated with digoxin.	2
The development of perianal fistulas in 2 patients, granuloma on biopsy in 1 patient and perianal skin tag in 1 patient, led to a diagnosis change of CD.	2
Conversion of ischemic to hemorrhagic infarction by anticoagulant administration.	2
Although rare in the adult population, it is associated even in the nonimmunocompromised host with increased morbidity and mortality.	2
With continued clearing of consciousness, the patient was successfully discharged.	2
Our report highlights the importance of taking a detailed occupational history and considering lead poisoning in the differential diagnosis of acute abdominal colic of unclear cause.	2
Seizure activity is a known complication associated with multiple sclerosis; however, it may also result from side effects of the treatments for the disease.	2
Multifocal electroretinography (mfERG) disclosed markedly low-amplitude responses at fixation and in the regions corresponding to the visual field defects.	2
Hyperperfusion syndrome is a well-documented clinical complication after endarterectomy and carotid stenting.	2
Magnetic resonance spectra provided a noninvasive means of monitoring CNS response.	2
Many months after termination of the chemotherapy and 15 months after placement, she presented with bowel contents per vagina.	2
When side effects recurred the dosage was reduced further by 50%.	2
Serum samples were collected throughout the infectious process for viral DNA analysis.	2
They improved rapidly and over 6 months were able to stop taking analgesics and return to normal activities.	2
Differentiation and treatment can be complex, especially when features of both syndromes are present and the patient has taken both serotonergic and neuroleptic agents.	2
Posterior leukoencephalopathy following intrathecal chemotherapy with MRA-documented vasospasm.	2
Recently, the patient has exhibited signs of tardive dyskinesia.	2
Toxic streptococcal syndrome is characterized by fever, shock, multiorgan system failure and a desquamating scarlatiniform rash.	2
Because many glaucoma patients are elderly and vision is frequently impaired, overdosing may be the mechanism of side effects in many patients especially the elderly.	2
Although given ephedrine, epinephrine, and atropine sulfate, the patient's normal heart rhythm could not be restored until calcium chloride was administered.	2
To date, reports about the macroscopic appearance of ventriculitis have been rare, consisting only of a few autopsy cases.	2
The development of internal tissue inflammation is reportedly correlated with a shorter interval from the time of completion of radiation therapy to the initiation of chemotherapy.	2
It appears to be selectively protective to salivary glands and kidneys without being tumor protective.	2
Patient-initiated rapid atrial pacing to manage supraventricular tachycardia.	2
Four months after cessation of treatment, a severe acne with comedones, papules, pustules, and small cystic elements broke out.	2
Psoas abscess following ileo-anal pouch surgery.	2
These patients showed slightly low serum calcium, normal or low serum phosphate, and normal parathyroid hormone concentrations.	2
However, the use of atypical neuroleptics in modern psychopharmacotherapy is increasing, so the incidence of NMS under these drugs may also increase.	2
Complete resolution of the diarrhea occurred shortly thereafter.	2
It may be concluded that rhEPO is possibly effective in a subgroup of MDS patients where the disease is less advanced.	2
While approximately 70% of patients with schizophrenia and other psychotic disorders show a clear-cut reduction of symptoms in clinical trials, there is considerable variation in individual patient outcome, ranging from complete remission to absolute refractoriness.	2
Case study: complications associated with anticoagulant therapy.	2
(2) Rehabilitation of a 29-year-old man with a 7-year history of ankylosing spondylitis who lived in an adjustable easy chair for 2 years due to severe pain prior to admission.	2
She subsequently died some 5 weeks after the commencement of her drug therapy.Post-mortem examination showed evidence of massive hepatocellular necrosis, acute hypersensitivity myocarditis, focal acute tubulo-interstitial nephritis and extensive bone marrow necrosis, with no evidence of malignancy.	2
Tamoxifen treatment is a proven therapy for breast cancer that produces a survival advantage when used as an adjuvant, and reduces the incidence of recurrences and controlateral tumor evolution.	2
Although hypophosphatemia induced by aluminum-containing antacids is rare, treatment of peptic ulcer disease with a combination of two aluminum-containing agents may increase the risk of clinically significant hypophosphatemia.	2
Formation of these plugs was probably due to extensive tumor necrosis at the level of the walls of the major uterine veins, which resulted in an open exchange of tumor plugs to the vascular spaces; decrease in tumor tissue coherence secondary to chemotherapy may have further contributed to the formation of tumor emboli.	2
Dose-intensive melphalan with blood stem cell support for the treatment of AL amyloidosis: one-year follow-up in five patients.	2
DISCUSSION: Although there are several reports on extensive passage of lamotrigine into breast milk, this is the first published report of a serious adverse reaction in a breast-fed infant.	2
He recommends evaluation for a pulmonary or ophthalmologic injury.	2
In addition to the chemotherapy, other factors known to be capable of producing RML, such as sepsis, other medications, and dehydration were found.	2
Central serous chorioretinopathy developed in 2 cases of retrobulbar neuritis during systemic treatment with corticosteroids.	2
A proposed management scheme is detailed, including intravenously-administered propranolol as the preferred first-line antiarrhythmic agent.	2
The drug was administered by continuous subcutaneous or intravenous infusions using a light weight portable constant infusion device.	2
RESULTS: The patient presented with recent-onset delusional ideation associated with cognitive decline.	2
Extremely high exposures in an obese patient receiving high-dose cyclophosphamide, thiotepa and carboplatin.	2
Combination chemotherapy with VM 26 and CCNU is well tolerated and can be administered on an out-patient basis.	2
Consideration of the use of heliox may provide another option for the treatment of a patient suffering from refractory bronchospasm.	2
The overall tolerability was considered to be very good; however, initial sleepiness appeared in four patients.	2
Disturbances of the IAN and mental nerve will predominantly give sensitivity symptoms in the soft tissue of the lower lip and chin.	2
This may indicate that the anticonvulsive drug affected the vermis and flocculonodular lobe much more than the hemisphere of cerebellum, or that the cerebellar system sign in verminal and flocculonodular lobe lesion and its connection is detected more easily than the hemispheric lesion with the aid of a neuro-otological examination.	2
We should also bear in mind that BMD scores alone are not indicative of fracture risk, and other tools such as the WHO-FRAX (Fracture risk assessment tool), serum vitamin D3 levels and bone turnover markers should be used where appropriate.	2
The first case had cytogenetic changes in the bone marrow suggestive of therapy-associated leukemia, and the second developed myelodysplastic syndrome on therapy which was likely chemotherapy-induced and led to acute leukemia.	2
This article presents a technique for removal of a porous resurfacing acetabular component with minimal bone loss.	2
There is little likelihood of significant adverse effects attributable to topical minoxidil because of its low systemic absorption.	2
A 69-year-old woman developed Cushing's syndrome after long-term use of Sinatren, an Indonesian over the-counter drug, which was pharmacologically analysed three times before the correct content was discovered.	2
One patient received a total of four injections in the right eye and three injections in the left eye.	2
METHOD: Case report and review of the current literature concerning radiation-induced, secondary, space-occupying lesions.	2
One hundred forty-eight (59%) of 251 patients with spinal cord injury who were evaluated had received this drug.	2
In unusual conditions surgical removal of thrombi in dilated cardiomyopathy may be a safer alternative.	2
He developed a metastatic carcinoma of unknown origin during TKI therapy.	2
Cardiovascular deterioration after seizures in tricyclic overdose has long been suspected.	2
The ampules of tranexamic acid (500 mg/5 mL) and bupivacaine (5 mg/mL, Merck, Darmstadt, Germany) were similar in appearance.	2
Some aspects of DEM overlap with neuromyelitis optica (NMO), another demyelination disease of CNS that was for a long time regarded as part of the MS spectrum, until discovery of the aquaporin-4 antibodies, claimed to be specific for NMO.	2
Both epidural fat deposition and vertebral compression fractures are among such complications.	2
Transvaginal ultrasonography is a very sensitive test and therefore is often performed as a first-line screening test.	2
Typically, flupirtine exerts membrane stabilizing and hyperpolarizing effects through activation of neuronal G-protein regulated inwardly rectifying potassium channels (GIRK).	2
CONCLUSION: ECT with muscle relaxants could be administered safely, with appropriate precautions kept in mind.	2
In both cases, streptococcal pharyngitis was ruled out.	2
Clonazepam, thioridazine, beta-blockers, anticholinergics, and bromocriptine did not ameliorate his akathisia.	2
After immediate treatment with low molecular weight heparin (enoxaparin), the thrombus improved without any additional complications.	2
It also produces weak beta- and calcium-channel blockade.	2
The operation was accomplished with cardiopulmonary bypass.	2
Dose-intensive chemotherapy with intravenous melphalan and growth-factor-mobilized blood stem cell support is feasible therapy for patients with AL amyloidosis, even when there is clinical evidence of cardiac involvement.	2
A 69-year-old male was diagnosed in February 2004 with stage IV extranodal marginal zone B cell lymphoma involving the mediastinal nodes, lung parenchyma and bone marrow with high LDH.	2
In more than half of the cases there was evidence of prolonged elimination t1/2 or rebound of a serum concentration during the elimination phase corresponding to either an additional compartment or enterohepatic circulation of 6MP.	2
In any patient with 'unexplained' muscle spasms or convulsions, strychnine poisoning should be included in the differential diagnosis and they should be asked about the use of herbal medicines.	2
Serum free levels and evaluation anticonvulsant drug interactions.	2
No severe adverse event occurred during clinical trials.	2
Further benefit was gained from a course of calcitonin.	2
RESULTS: Pathologic gambling has emerged as one of the most prominent ICDs, although hypersexuality, compulsive shopping and other manifestations of obsessive-compulsive disorder may also dominate PD-related behavioral manifestations.	2
BACKGROUND: An osteogenic sarcoma of the skull is rare, particularly as a primary tumor.	2
The patient may have concomitant systemic disease, and the injury occurs with relatively mild trauma.	2
In those patients in whom a reduction in the blood flow to liver tumors was shown angiographically, there was a progressive improvement in hormone secretion and in tumor size in the ensuing year of treatment, suggesting that a major target of SMS is that vascular supply of the tumors.	2
Reactivation of human herpesvirus-6 (HHV-6) is frequently observed, although the cause of DIHS is still unknown.	2
He was successfully transplanted.	2
Nineteen immunocompromised patients with extensive skin lesions caused by Pseudomonas aeruginosa with or without P. aeruginosa bacteremia were analysed.	2
As termination was not an option for the family, the patient was extensively counseled and treated with oral ganciclovir.	2
No significant effects were observed in B-cell counts or the immune status of the newborn.	2
We recommend that serum Na+ be carefully monitored in patients started on lorcainide therapy, and extreme caution should be exercised in prescribing diuretics to patients with persistent hyponatremia.	2
Successful treatment of mucormycosis after kidney transplantation.	2
Clinical features suggested that the lesion was an ischemic infarct, and this was confirmed by an MRI scan.	2
Thiabendazole is a relatively safe and effective agent with a wide range of activity against nematodes infesting the gastrointestinal tract.	2
Rhabdomyolysis in patients with acute lymphoblastic leukemia.	2
Remissions following total body surface treatment varied from two weeks to at least four months.	2
Salmonellosis in dogs with lymphosarcoma.	2
The neonate weighed 884 g and died 1 h after birth.	2
MRI revealed signal abnormalities within the corpus callosum, basal ganglia, and brainstem.	2
The neurological changes that are common in the HIV population may complicate the use of analgesics, particularly opioids.	2
She developed marked liver dysfunction.	2
A leukemoid reaction is a complex and poorly understood response by the bone marrow to a variety of stresses; although any peripheral blood cell line may be involved, it is rarely a purely monocytic event.	2
Brugada syndrome (BS) is associated with sudden cardiac death in patients with a structurally normal heart.	2
The disk diffusion method showed that this Norcardia sp. was sensitive to many antibiotics.	2
Initial visual acuity was <20/800 (finger counting at 1-2 feet) with retinal edema on fundoscopy, arterial pH 7.19, methanol 97 mg/dL (30 mmol/L), formate 14.3 mmol/L, and ethanol undetectable.	2
With the increased use of neoadjuvant chemotherapy, it is important to recognize previously undescribed mammographic findings secondary to this therapeutic approach.	2
Nutritional support via enteral feeding tubes may interfere with the response to medications by a number of mechanisms.	2
The patient had diabetic nephropathy with accompanying nephrotic syndrome.	2
He had a history of treatment-resistant chronic schizophrenia.	2
A case of brain abscess developing 2 weeks after insertion of skull tongs is reported.	2
Two weeks after stopping the adminsitration of tacrolimus, his urine output improved, and the hemoglobin and serum creatinine normalized.	2
The condition responded to treatment with topical diluted steroids and antibiotics.	2
Patients with low or absent thiopurine S-methyltransferase (TPMT) activity, resulting in high 6-thioguanine nucleotide levels, have an increased risk of developing leukopenia.	2
The infection was treated successfully with systemic and intrathecal antibiotics without removal of the catheters.	2
Twenty-one days of magnesium sulfate tocolysis were performed on a 28-year-old woman because of preterm labor at 31 weeks gestation.	2
At least three other studies do not support these observations, but the tightly controlled conditions in these studies may not have simulated actual clinical practice.	2
Thiotepa and its main metabolite tepa, ultrafilterable platinum, cyclophosphamide and its activated metabolite 4-hydroxycyclophosphamide were determined.	2
This property is similar to that of other lipophilic agents such as amiodarone, chloroquine, chlorpromazine, quinacrine, and suramin.	2
Disseminated encephalomyelitis in adults.	2
Sequential patients arriving to our center within 3 hours of stroke onset who were treated with intravenous alteplase were screened for possible additional intra-arterial therapy using noninvasive neuroimaging.	2
Eighteen patients were given MMF for the following reasons: renal failure in nine (50%); treatment of acute rejection in three (16.6%); primary prophylaxis of rejection in five (27.7%); and CNI withdrawal in one (5.5%).	2
Magnetic resonance imaging may be useful in these cases to confirm the diagnosis of WE.	2
The case illustrates the classic features of the syndrome and its dramatic response to corticosteroid treatment.	2
We review the medical literature about mucormycosis peritonitis which, albeit rare, carries very high mortality.	2
CONCLUSION: In this case of O. sulphureo-ochraceum as a human pathogen, the organism caused endophthalmitis after cataract extraction.	2
In children, only a few cases with this complication have been reported.	2
RESULTS: Seven patients showed marked visual field constriction with some sparing of the temporal visual field.	2
Histologic evaluation was also performed before treatment and in selected patients during treatment.	2
There was only a short term exposure to classic antipsychotics prior to risperidone administration.	2
Aggressive combination chemotherapy was required to reverse progressive thrombocytopenia and pulmonary involvement.	2
Vaccination scar with soft-tissue atrophy restored by local insulin treatment.	2
The effect of the methylprednisolone (MP) pulse therapy on renal function was examined in 15 patients with renal or collagen disease.	2
The reaction is thought to be due to the effects of treponema breakdown products, and it should not be confused with an allergic reaction to the antibiotic employed.	2
Another patient had a brief relapse two years after the first episode, after a single therapeutic dose of another clioquinol preparation.	2
In 2 cats, rebound hyperglycemia was diagnosed on routine serial blood glucose determinations.	2
Four months later reversible camptocormia was manifested again concomitantly with about the same plasma valproate levels as above.	2
The patient demonstrated radiographic signs of pulmonary aspergillosis and biochemical signs of hepatic involvement that were resistant to a 23 day course of conventional AMB (Fungizone) therapy.	2
Patients completing the trial were eligible to receive rhEPO as part of an open-label study.	2
No adverse effects of joint toxicity were detected.	2
No gastrointestinal tract or muscular abnormalities were found, and the discomfort was attributed to neuropathic pain.	2
This case history, however, illustrates the susceptibility to these agents shown by some patients.	2
It has been recently approved for the treatment of multiple myeloma, an incurable plasma cell tumour that accounts for 10-15% of all haematologic malignancies and for approximately 20% of deaths.	2
A biopsy taken from the lesional skin revealed dilatation of intraepidermal eccrine ducts and a spongy appearance in the corneal layer (Fig. 3).	2
In this report, we describe a rare case of bilateral cryptorchism that did not come to the attention of the physician to implement effective substitution with testosterone until much later in adult life.	2
After exclusion of common reasons of this condition, liver biopsy was performed.	2
Apart from some minor discomfort at the site of operation, no side effects were noted.	2
Immediate pain relief was accompanied by short lasting respiratory depression and drowsiness.	2
The sensory overstimulation is characterized by a subjective experience of sensory overload and a relative resistance to lidocaine local anesthesia.	2
Vitamin D, whose primary action is to facilitate intestinal absorption of calcium, may also be a hormone of prime necessity in infant bone formation.	2
Epstein-Barr virus-associated lymphoproliferative disorder (EBV-LPD) is an uncommon but potentially fatal complication of allogeneic stem cell transplantation.	2
The use of monoamine oxidase inhibitors in the treatment of elderly, depressed patients.	2
The patient's INR had been stable and within therapeutic range (goal 2.0-3.0) for the previous 3 months with warfarin 27.5 mg/wk, but became subtherapeutic after 10 days of bosentan therapy.	2
Other possible differential diagnoses were magnesium overdose or a post-ictal state.	2
We therefore concluded that acute pancreatitis is a rare manifestation of systemic lupus erythematosus, and corticosteroids do not appear to be the etiological agent.	2
The image illustrates the rash seen with this drug reaction.	2
While still receiving the drug or shortly thereafter, two patients were found to have abnormal dark-adaptation curves, with elevations of either cone or rod thresholds, or both.	2
Knowledge of suspected cases will lead to early recognition and prompt management of this condition in the future.	2
Chemotherapy followed by peripheral blood cell autotransplantation led to complete disappearance of the pancreatic and mediastinal masses.	2
Similar material was located in the major choroidal vessels.	2
On discontinuing the medication, the areas of severely restricted diffusion had entirely resolved, with minimal residual T2 signal abnormality.	2
DATA: A 16-year-old girl was treated with risperidone for mood lability and impulsivity at a community hospital.	2
Tolerance to dobutamine was obviated by giving infusions twice weekly.	2
Endoscopy demonstrated oesophagitis and a benign oesophageal stricture.	2
Gastric outlet obstruction due to an iatrogenic cause in a neonatal period - report of two cases.	2
There was no recurrence the following year.	2
RESULTS: Confocal and specular microscopy confirmed permanent endothelial cell loss with morphologic alteration after intracorneal penetration of ushaar latex.	2
Symptoms subsided and pulses returned within a day of cessation of therapy.	2
This case agrees with the evidence that cisapride potentiates the release of acetylcholine from postganglionic cholinergic nerves in the human isolated detrusor by activating 5-HT4 receptors, i.e. through the same mechanism responsible for its gastrointestinal prokinetic action.	2
Posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome is a treatable and reversible cause of acute encephalopathy with blindness, as long as an early diagnosis is made.	2
Intraocular infection due to Blastomyces dermatitidis is rare, and only 10 cases have previously been reported.	2
He was started on intravenous Zoledronic acid for reduction of bone pain and prevention of skeletal complication from multiple bone metastases.	2
In addition, this case highlights the use of botulinum toxin as a guide for the potential successful management of compensatory hyperhidrosis prior to definitive extension of a sympathectomy.	2
Most cases are managed by oral surgeons with only a handful of reports appearing in the otolaryngology literature.	2
A 9.5-year-old girl after Fontan procedure for hypoplastic left heart syndrome had recurrent protein-losing enteropathy (PLE) develop 2 months after partial catheter closure of the Fontan fenestration.	2
The patient recovered well, both cognitively and physically, and did not have any further symptoms in 1 year of follow-up.	2
We compared patient reports with reports from healthcare professionals.	2
INTRODUCTION: Anterior ischemic optic neuropathy (AION) describes a defect of the optic nerve leading to irreversible loss of vision in most cases.	2
All patients receiving chronic corticosteroids should have an ophthalmologic examination early in the course of treatment and periodically thereafter.	2
Attention should be directed towards prevention by the identification and immunisation of at risk patients prior to transplantation.	2
BACKGROUND: With the increasing use of implantable cardioverter-defibrillators (ICDs), device complications are becoming more common.	2
Of the 33 cases of bleb-associated endophthalmitis, there were 6 cases of early endophthalmitis (before postoperative week 6) and 27 cases of late endophthalmitis.	2
Adverse effects of atrial fibrillation and syncope induced by calcium-channel blockers in hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.	2
Skin rash involved regions of the face, lower abdomen, back, buttocks and both upper thighs.	2
In conclusion, although APOLT showed clinical and laboratory improvement for some period in this patient, the final fatal outcome suggests that liver transplantation should be cautiously applied to patients with HUS associated with FH deficiency.	2
Effect of azithromycin on bronchiectasis and pulmonary function in a heart-lung transplant patient with severe chronic allograft dysfunction: a case report.	2
We report the case of a 59-year-old man who was treated with intraarterial chemotherapy for metastatic colonic adenocarcinoma.	2
Although there was evidence of spread of the S typhimurium in the community, there was no evidence of spread of this Salmonella R plasmid to the normal flora of patients or their family members a median of 14 weeks after the infection.	2
This has rarely been reported before in the literature.	2
Monsel's solution impregnated into a uterine pack was used to secure hemostasis.	2
Pathological gambling associated with dopamine agonist use in restless legs syndrome.	2
There is growing interest in the use of hyperbaric oxygen therapy (HBO(2)) for children with cerebral palsy.	2
We conclude that symptoms of a postdural puncture headache can mimic those of postpartum preeclampsia.	2
The nesiritide treatment duration was longer for this patient than the 45 days previously reported in a pediatric patient.	2
Disseminated histoplasmosis manifesting as a soft-tissue chest wall mass in a heart transplant recipient.	2
Comparing baseline CGI with that obtained on the date of last evaluation for each patient, a significant improvement in clinical assessment of severity of illness was obtained for the total group (Wilcoxon signed rank test, p < 0.0001).	2
Monitoring blood concentrations of tacrolimus is vital, and appropriate dosage adjustments are required when the two drugs are administered concurrently to avoid serious interactions such as nephrotoxicity and neurotoxicity.	2
Antibiotic-induced endotoxemia in a patient with endogenous endophthalmitis.	2
Anticonvulsant hypersensitivity syndrome: is there a role for immunomodulation?	2
The case of a 32-year-old man with schizophrenia and narcolepsy, two seemingly unrelated disorders, is discussed from the perspective of the diagnostic and therapeutic challenges raised by their coexistence.	2
Bilateral corneal infiltrates after excimer laser photorefractive keratectomy.	2
The patient displayed several characteristics of NMS during therapy with olanzapine, including fever, elevated creatine kinase level, leukocytosis, and mild muscle rigidity.	2
MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Time periods from onset to diagnosis and from diagnosis to clinical resolution, and the final visual acuity.	2
Early onset of hemophagocytic syndrome following allogeneic bone marrow transplantation.	2
Objective improvement of tremor after use of metoprolol was documented by accelerometry.	2
Gastric mucosa hyperplasia is a rare cause of upper gastrointestinal obstruction in the neonatal period.	2
Major abnormalities were confined to the heart and brain.	2
PURPOSE: Eosinophilic jejunitis is a rare disorder of undetermined origin, which is characterized by infiltration of eosinophils in the intestine.	2
Eleven surviving patients were also studied by analysis of serum aminoterminal propeptide of type III procollagen (PIIINP), which is an indicator of fibrogenesis, which is especially suitable for follow-up of fibrotic liver disease.	2
The patients had received anthracyclines and methotrexate, a known nephrotoxic chemotherapeutic agent.	2
We describe a case of recurrent impetigo herpetiformis in an 18-year-old pregnant woman who had normal serum calcium levels and responded well to prednisolone therapy.	2
According to the Naranjo adverse drug reaction probability scale, cesium was the probable cause of the patient's arrhythmia.	2
Thrombolytic treatment is advocated for critical patients unless emergency institution of cardio pulmonary bypass is required and/or indicated.	2
Several days were required for the aPTT to decrease after stopping the argatroban infusion.	2
Reversal of CNS-prophylaxis-related leukoencephalopathy after CSF shunting: case histories of identical twins.	2
Lipoatrophy is a thing of the past, or is it?	2
This phenomenon is the main feature of the dopamine dysregulation syndrome.	2
CONCLUSIONS: An objective causality assessment revealed that fluphenazine was the probable cause of NMS in this patient.	2
Two patients with giant atrial thrombi whose treatment involved complications are presented.	2
With the help of intensive supportive care and symptomatic treatment, the patient recovered and was discharged home after a hospital stay of 25 days.	2
The induced pustules, as well as those appearing clinically, were intraepidermal and indistinguishable from the Kogoj spongiform abscess, and on serial sectioning showed a distinctive localization to the acryosyringium.	2
Four patients with similar clinical and laboratory characteristics to our patient's after the combined use of colchicine and statins have been described in the literature.	2
He died 1 month later in spite of methylprednisolone pulse therapy, large spectrum antimicrobial therapy, and full support of respiratory, hemodynamic and renal systems.	2
Measures to minimize transfusion related malaria are discussed.	2
The technical images (abdominal CT, scintigraphic octreotide scan and renal arteriography) revealed the presence of a left adrenal pheochromocytoma and stenosis of the renal artery.	2
Both recovered after withdrawal of the drug.	2
RESULTS: The patients in our series improved significantly when the serotonin antagonist cyproheptadine was added to their regimens.	2
Two workers from the same factory presented to the same emergency department within six weeks of one another with moderate (Case 1) and severe (Case 2) methemoglobinemia.	2
Although serologic tests for Epstein-Barr virus (EBV) indicated a previous infection, EBV deoxyribonucleic acid was detected in her serum by polymerase chain reaction.	2
Symptoms of major depression: acute effect of withdrawing antidepressants.	2
Acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) is uncommon in this patient population, and Philadelphia chromosome positive (Ph+) ALL in particular, is rare.	2
These symptoms were transient and fully reversible.	2
Intrathecal administration of amphotericin B is the best method of eradicating intracranial fungal infections.	2
The boy is now 14 months off tuberculostatic treatment and 8 months off AML therapy.	2
We propose that our observations reflect an improved management of these patients, mainly because of the use of new antimycotics with alternative mechanisms of action and decreased toxicity, allowing for earlier, more aggressive, and more effective antifungal treatment approaches.	2
METHODS: Thirteen consecutive patients with unresectable multifocal HCC and resistance to TAE were treated with combination chemotherapy consisting of arterial chemoembolization with degradable starch microspheres (DSM) (150-4500 mg on Day 1), mitomycin-C (4-8 mg on Day 1), continuous arterial infusion of 5-fluorouracil (1250 mg/120 h), cisplatin (25-50 mg/120 h) and l-leucovorin (125 mg/120 h) for 10-19 weeks.	2
METHODS: We identified three patients who developed skin necrosis and determined any factors, which put them at an increased risk of doing so.	2
It is not possible to ascribe these improvements specifically to plasmapheresis since the patient was concurrently receiving low doses of prednisone and intermittent treatment with cyclophosphamide.	2
Clinical features were those of a cicatricial pemphigoid, with prominent mucosal involvement leading to conjunctival and nasal scarring.	2
Two cases of polyarteritis nodosa and one case of pityriasis rosea-like drug eruption.	2
Complete regression of iatrogenic Kaposi's sarcoma due to corticosteroid treatment in a patient with tubercular pericarditis.	2
We suggest, however, that the case against the drugs alone has yet to be proved.	2
Clinical spectrum, ancient mutations, and a survey of 100 American referrals to the National Institutes of Health.	2
A treatment attempt with allopurinol was initiated while antiviral therapy was continued and was successfully completed after 6 months.	2
It can progress rapidly to high fever, altered mental status, seizures, profound muscle rigidity, rhabdomyolysis, brain injury, and death.	2
Intraocular pressure may not always return to normal upon cessation of the drug.	2
Cholestyramine enabled the use of very low doses of sc vitamin K1 (2 mg total) with subsequent attainment of a therapeutic International Normalized Ratio in 39 h.	2
Cisapride for the treatment of nausea produced by selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors.	2
The case report of a patient with metastatic osteogenic sarcoma of the right ventricle who had had an interscapulothoracic amputation in October, 1970, and a left lower lobectomy in June, 1973, for pulmonary metastasis is presented.	2
Later, both patients evolved to non-Hodgkin's lymphoma (NHL) (diffuse large B-cell lymphoma and peripheral T-cell NHL, respectively).	2
The cyclophosphamide (1 g/m(2) per day) and thiotepa (80 mg/m(2) per day) doses were based on body surface area (BSA) calculated using total body weight (TBW).	2
Neither veno-occlusive disease nor thrombotic microangiopathy was documented.	2
A common thread is that they all make some pathophysiologic sense.	2
A 48-year-old woman with known epilepsy presented to the Emergency Department with a 1-day history of decreasing coordination, impaired speech, and recurrent falls.	2
CONCLUSIONS: JHR should be an anticipated reaction to early doses of antibiotic treatment for treponemal diseases, such as syphilis.	2
Recently, results of three open clinical trials on mycophenolate mofetil in myasthenia gravis have been reported.	2
In the case of SSTIs, alternative treatment of these infections should be considered, especially when the bacterial pathogen is unknown.	2
RESULTS: After cessation of topical dipivefrin application and successful surgical repair of entropion, no recurrence of signs or symptoms has been reported.	2
CNS angiitis in graft vs host disease.	2
Granulocytopenia was ascertained in seven, whereas agranulocytosis was diagnosed in two patients of this population.	2
The authors present three patients with traumatic upper limb amputations where topical capsaicin cream was of benefit in the treatment of neurogenic residual limb pain.	2
When folinic acid was ceased on the day of methotrexate in these patients their psoriasis improved.	2
Fluorinated topical steroids have been implicated as the cause or precipitating factor in previous case reports mainly involving an adult population.	2
A 25-year-old woman with rheumatoid arthritis for the past 5 years started to develop gradual enlargement of her breasts 15 months before presentation.	2
However, a direct association between corticosteroid use and osteonecrosis has never been proven.	2
We report a rare case in which triamcinolone acetonide particles gathered on posterior lens capsule after injection of intravitreal triamcinolone acetonide.	2
After a subacromial injection with betamethasone and lidocaine, the patient noted 3 weeks of near complete pain relief, followed by a return of her symptoms.	2
Cutaneous adverse effects during therapy with an epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) inhibitor.	2
E. coli was isolated from urine, blood cultures and later from bone biopsy.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Topical imiquimod 5% cream seems to be a useful treatment for eyelid nodular basal cell carcinoma in selected cases, but further long-term studies are needed to assess the efficacy and safety of this approach.	2
We report a case of HCL in a 66-year-old male treated with 2-deoxycoformycin.	2
Initially, DSCG had helped to control his asthmatic attacks, and steroid therapy could be discontinued.	2
METHODS: A retrospective study in an institutional practice.	2
He did not suffer from any allergy but drinking red wine caused vasomotor rhinitis.	2
Twenty-four to seventy-two hours following the switch, all patients developed intractable headache, despite the use of different symptomatic drugs.	2
Following intravenous hydration and administration of bicarbonate, the patients' condition resolved without permanent' sequelae.	2
His symptoms resolved within 10 minutes.	2
Data are presented to show a significant absorption of lidocaine through diseased skin when lidocaine cream is used as a local anesthetic.	2
Procarbazine is a chemotherapy methylating agent that has been used in combination with other drugs, perhaps most successfully in the treatment of Hodgkin's disease.	2
RESULTS: Intradermal tests to intravenous cyclosporine formulation (1 mg/mL) were positive in the patient and negative in two controls.	2
Medical treatment was continued for 6 mth.	2
We report a case of medulloblastoma as a secondary malignancy in a patient treated for immature teratoma of the ovary (ITO).	2
Rectal biopsy analysis was consistent with pseudomembranous colitis.	2
Most current guidelines for the management of anaphylaxis list only epinephrine as a vasopressor to use in the event of cardiovascular collapse.	2
Hypothyroid and hyperthyroid disease are both associated with a variety of muscle abnormalities, from myalgias to myopathy.	2
Eighteen patients were transfusion dependent; 10 had refractory anemia (RA), and 10 had refractory anemia with ringed sideroblasts (RARS).	2
Heightened seizure susceptibility associated with brain dermoid cyst and the administration of human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG).	2
Methemoglobinemia is a rare cause of cyanosis in pediatric patients.	2
The potential occurrence of EMD in all three patients raises the possibility of accelerated myocardial rupture, as EMD is one of the clinical hallmarks of this condition.	2
Antiretrovirals from three drug classes, nucleoside analogs, nonnucleoside analogs, and protease inhibitors, can be combined to achieve viral suppression.	2
He has remained clinically stable for over 5 years.	2
The overall response rate of these 24 refractory lymphomas to gemcitabine-containing regimens was 46%.	2
He had skin and bone involvement and some of the leukaemic blasts showed haemophagocytosis, characteristic features seen in t(8;16) AML.	2
Serum potassium values higher than 7 mmol x l-1 are associated with cardiac arrhythmias and an increased incidence of intraventricular haemorrhage and periventricular leucomalacia.	2
We report the case of a young HIV seropositive patient with severe hemophilia A who presented rapid liver failure related to his chronic C hepatitis.	2
Lymphoma usually responds well to multiagent chemotherapy.	2
A diagnosis of aquagenic syringeal palmar keratoderma was made on the basis of these clinical and histopathologic findings.	2
The role of somatostatin analogues in the management of obstructive ileus in advanced cancer is discussed.	2
We describe a 14-year-old bone marrow transplant recipient who was anti-HBs-positive before the procedure and afterwards developed acute infection with hepatitis B virus (HBV).	2
The extent of disease and subsequent reversal were documented using arteriographic examination.	2
This myoclonus is considered to be a new form of spinal reflex myoclonus, because the abdominal myoclonic jerk seems to trigger another myoclonic jerk involving the paraspinal muscles.	2
He was treated with intravenous quinidine gluconate and oral doxycycline, in addition to blood transfusion, and he responded well to the treatment.	2
Examination revealed severe anterior uveitis with fibrinous exudates in the anterior chamber, flap edema and epithelial bullae.	2
Statistical significant risk factors for the developing of visual disturbances were found to be the ingested quantity of methanol, the latent period, acidosis and serum methanol concentration on admission.	2
Moreover, when the deficit is recognized the epidural itself may be falsely blamed for postoperative paraplegia.	2
The diagnosis was confirmed by liver biopsy, antimitochondrial antibody, muscle biopsy, and electromyography.	2
At 16th month after transplantation, elevation of serum aminotransfereases was observed.	2
He was treated with penicillin.	2
Among atypical antipsychotic, clozapine, risperidone and olanzapine have been reported to be associated with the condition.	2
We suspect that isotretinoin may complete for normal retinol binding sites on cell surfaces or transport molecules.	2
Eleven weeks later he developed Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia.	2
Successful application of permanent rapid atrial pacing requires (1) prescreening of patients with temporary external rapid atrial pacing to verify susceptibility to conversion of supraventricular tachycardia and absence of anomalous conduction pathways that may permit conduction of rapid pacing rates to the ventricles, and (2) assessment of the patient's ability to use the transmitter properly.	2
Although the cornerstone of treatment for AWS remains benzodiazepines, this case highlights the potential utility of phenobarbital in patients with resistant AWS.	2
SUMMARY OF BACKGROUND DATA: CPS has a risk of vertebral artery (VA) injury.	2
METHODS: A case report of a patient with ovarian cancer extensively treated with platinum-based chemotherapy and aggressive surgery is presented.	2
Venous access devices (VAD) have become an important tool in the management of patients with cancer.	2
All eyes had subfoveal CNV secondary to AMD.	2
A literature search conducted to determine the mechanism behind the antagonism of this overdose showed that promethazine interacts with receptors in the central nervous system.	2
DATA SOURCES: All relevant articles from January 1985 through February 1993 were identified, primarily through MEDLINE search and review of pertinent articles' bibliographies.	2
Two patients were supported with a right VAD, one with a left VAD, and one with a biventricular VAD.	2
Therefore, preventive measures should be taken against colonization by Candida of the palatal mucosa and the dentures.	2
A case report.	2
We report a child with CF who developed significant hypomagnesaemia following intravenous (i.v.) treatment with aminoglycosides for exacerbations of Pseudomonas aeruginosa infection.	2
Inhibition of cytochrome P450 could be one of the potential causative mechanisms of myopathy in our case.	2
Immunoelectron microscopy of perilesional skin revealed IgA deposits within the lamina lucida and immunoblotting of the patient's serum disclosed IgA and IgG antibodies directed against epidermal antigens of 280, 165 and 120-130 kD.	2
Five months after the patient's erythropoietin therapy was discontinued, his A1C value increased to 8.8%, leading us to conclude that management of the insulin dose may have been different without the falsely lowered A1C levels.	2
In all 4 patients lymphopenia was observed before the initiation of corticosteroid treatment and low CD4 and CD8 cell counts were evident at the time of PCP.	2
Age at diagnosis was 43 +/- 3 years (range, 37-47).	2
Increased vigilance is always advised when administering drugs not commonly given to pediatric patients.	2
CASE REPORT: An East-European prostitute in Amsterdam robbed several victims, after having sedated them with clonidine solution (available as plastic ampoules of eyedrops) added to her victims' drinks.	2
This finding suggests that cytomegalovirus infection may be one of the causes or exacerbating factors for ileal ulcers in Churg-Strauss syndrome, although ulcers of the intestine have usually been considered to be caused by ischemia resulting from angiitis.	2
In all except two patients, serum Na+ returned to normal values within 3 to 12 months of continued lorcainide therapy.	2
In 1997 he began calcium supplementation and a high-calcium diet; his blood pressure declined markedly, allowing him to taper off of two of his four antihypertensive medications.	2
The patient recovered completely with oral prednisolone.	2
The patient complained of intolerable lumbago and numbness in her buttocks.	2
Epinephrine and dobutamine were stopped, and norepinephrine (noradrenaline) was successfully used to control the hypotension.	2
Genitourinary malacoplakia in renal transplant recipients: pathogenic, prognostic and therapeutic considerations.	2
She developed large swellings in both sides of her lower abdomen.	2
Failure of coagulation was confirmed by thrombelastography and in both cases routine coagulation tests revealed a prolonged kaolin cephalin clotting time (KCT).	2
Pyoderma gangrenosum related to a new granulocyte colony-stimulating factor.	2
A longitudinal case report shows a sudden remission of the severe course of a seasonal bipolar disorder after 10 years of psychopharmacological treatments.	2
The clinical findings, radiological features, and results of pulmonary function tests may be enough to diagnose gold-related pneumopathy.	2
Marked improvement of psoriasis or arthropathy occurred in each case without side effects.	2
It may be confused with intracranial tumors and requires long-term combined antibiotic therapy after drainage.	2
We suggested that colchicine should be used with caution in the presence of renal failure especially when other drugs which affect the metabolism of colchicine are also prescribed.	2
We describe the case of an 82 year old woman developing severe respiratory functional impairment after open heart surgery and subsequent surgical pericardial drainage inducing diaphragmatic spasm and successfully treated with gabapentin.	2
Detection of PVB19-DNA in serum with quantitative polymerase chain reaction (PCR) revealed a high level of viral load.	2
Acute INH toxicity should be suspected in children presenting with seizures with or without fever.	2
Despite the administration of high doses of rhEPO, toxicity attributable to rhEPO was not observed in either the double-blind or open-label study.	2
A recently recognized entity associated with the treatment of acute promyelocytic leukemia: the retinoic acid syndrome.	2
Successful treatment with multiple intra-articular injections of infliximab in a patient with psoriatic arthritis.	2
Primary coronary artery dissection occurring 2 months post partum in a 33-year-old woman is described.	2
Final maintenance dose was 2 mg every 4 weeks in 1 patient, 2 mg weekly in 1, 3 mg weekly in 3, 5 mg monthly in 1, 10 mg every 3 weeks in 2, 10 mg every 4 weeks in 2, 10 mg every 6 weeks in 1, and 5 mg weekly in 2 patients.	2
This paper outlines the indications and precautions for use and side effects of monoamine oxidase inhibitors in the treatment of depression in elderly patients.	2
She had palpable cervicosternal fibrosis measuring 10 x 8 cm, with local inflammatory signs and functional consequences (cough, restricted cervical movement, dyspnoea and bronchitis) with a SOMA scale for grading the long-term side effects of radiation therapy of 19/14.	2
A 9-year-old girl with AIDS was brought to the emergency department because of tetany.	2
A purple rash in the left submandibular area was noted.	2
METHODS: Single case report of failure of Baclofen pump investigated by radioisotope injection.	2
OBJECTIVE: We describe atypical motor and cognitive features in a case of familial Alzheimer disease (FAD) due to presenilin-1 (PS-1) mutation.	2
The reappearance of more virulent strains of exotoxin-producing streptococci over the past decade has led to the re-emergence of invasive Group A streptococcal infections and the recognition of a new syndrome resembling staphylococcal toxic shock syndrome.	2
Single case study.	2
RT-PCR and genomic PCR methodologies were used to identify a G to A mutation in the GT 5' splicing recognition sequence of intron 14, resulting in a 165-bp deletion (corresponding to exon 14) in this patient's DPD mRNA.	2
Although it is unclear which of several possible contributing factors was responsible for the ventricular fibrillation, recommendations are appropriate to minimize the risk in infants with WPW.	2
Two weeks later, the patient went to a local emergency department after experiencing two brief syncopal episodes.	2
RESULTS: Expression of SSTR2A and PPAR gamma was identified in TSHoma cells.	2
Administration of clonazepam reduced the frequency and amplitude.	2
Early diagnosis of osteonecrosis is important to prevent irreversible bone and joint destruction.	2
All patients showed marked aphasia and other cognitive deficits.	2
A 67-year-old man on long-term carbamazepine therapy underwent elective coronary artery bypass grafting.	2
We report a 38-year-old woman with a history of smoking and pre-eclampsia in her previous pregnancy, who suffered a non-Q infarction at 18 weeks of gestation.	2
Older therapies that have been widely accepted for a long time might not have had controlled trial data behind recommendations for their use, and once practice patterns become widespread, it is hard to change.	2
The clinical syndrome was a self-limiting proteinuria with normal renal function.	2
All 3 patients underwent allogeneic bone marrow transplantation.	2
The plasma concentration of pilsicainide, although not measured, must have been very high, since his renal function was impaired.	2
Also, he developed similar signs and symptoms when he was administered tobramycin intravenously on one occasion at 5 1/2 years.	2
The patient's cytopenias were refractory to treatment with corticosteroids, cyclosporine, intravenous immune globulin, rituximab, and pentostatin.	2
Endogenous catecholamines in excess are known to cause dilated cardiomyopathy.	2
Four cycles of this protocol yielded a dramatic response on re-staging CT scan.	2
A patient with biventricular thrombus formation in dilated cardiomyopathy suffered massive combined systemic and pulmonary embolization shortly after oral anticoagulation was started.	2
Neither mosaic perfusion nor air-trapping was seen in HRCT on inspiration and expiration.	2
We describe a 24-year-old man who developed minimal change nephrotic syndrome after allogenic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT).	2
Latero-lateral anastomosis between the common bile duct and duodenum was performed during explorative laparotomy and ursodeoxycholic acid treatment was introduced.	2
We discuss 2 recent cases seen at our institution and 39 cases described in the English-language literature since 1995.	2
Control hysterosalpingograms showed no tubal patency on the involved side.	2
We describe a case of soft tissue infection caused by Fusarium species in a heart-liver transplant recipient, and review the cases of fusarial infection reported among solid-organ transplant (SOT) recipients.	2
At this time, changing to another ACE inhibitor or additive therapy with nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drugs is not recommended.	2
Lumbar spinal cord stimulation for cervical-originated central pain: a case report.	2
The cases, as compared with the controls, less frequently showed lipodystrophy (4.4 vs. 65.2%, P<0.001) and hypertriglyceridemia (8.8 vs. 56.5%, P<0.005), whereas the prevalence of subjects with hypercholesterolemia was similar in the two groups (30 and 39.1%, respectively).	2
We present an exceptional case in which full-thickness eyelid necrosis ensued following intralesional injection of corticosteroids in a capillary hemangioma.	2
In such situations, clinicians may want to consider prescribing a different antipsychotic or adding another antipsychotic and decreasing the dosage of clozapine.	2
Fifteen shots of 0.06 mJ were needed.	2
In both cases propofol was used in bolus doses, and is thought to be the probable factor for its development.	2
CONCLUSIONS: In this study, the hemostatic agent rFVIIa was well-tolerated and behaved in a safe and efficacious manner in all infants treated for life-threatening bleeding and coagulation disorders.	2
Ultimately, the choice of treatment will depend upon the patient's risk of recurrence and progression.	2
However, two children responded to the series of injections of hydrocortisone but not to single doses of methylprednisolone.	2
Clinically, the patient appeared cushingoid with a buffalo hump, thin skin, bruises, and purple striae, and his blood pressure was 130/90 mm Hg.	2
Lenalidomide is an immunomodulatory agent approved for use in patients with myelodysplastic syndrome, and in combination with dexamethasone for refractory or relapsed multiple myeloma.	2
The effect of potassium is reminiscent of its effect in the channelopathies underlying hypokalemic periodic paralysis, and the resistance to lidocaine applied peripherally suggests a peripheral sensory localization to the abnormality.	2
METHODS: Each patient received a 10 unit/m2 dose of bleomycin administered intravenously at 1 to 1.5 units/minute.	2
During the two weeks following the commencement of this treatment she occasionally complained of shortness of breath.	2
CASE SUMMARY: A 72-year-old white woman was treated with sertraline for depression for 18 months and was then admitted to the hospital with a fractured tibia.	2
Physical examination showed proximal muscle weakness in his arms and legs.	2
Akathisia should be considered in all cases of apparent nonresponse to atypical antipsychotics.	2
Inflammatory reactions in progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy after highly active antiretroviral therapy.	2
Examination of bone marrow at the last clinical follow up demonstrated both acute myeloid leukemia and residual metastatic Ewing sarcoma.	2
Complex drug-induced cutaneous reactions have been previously reported with other drugs, especially with D-penicillamine, which bears chemical similarities with captopril.	2
Electrical stability was achieved and the patient was discharged on propranolol 400 mg/day.	2
Testicular teratoma with a unique mode of spread and spontaneous maturation.	2
Although TPN appears to be beneficial in some patients with cancer, it is expensive and is associated with several significant disadvantages.	2
Transurethral resection of the mass revealed a leiomyosarcoma.	2
Two cases, one of leukemia and one of a trophoblastic testicular teratoma, are described in which hypoglycemia occurred as a terminal event.	2
We review these reports with comparison to our two cases.	2
We here report our preliminary clinical experience with caspofungin as an additional drug to the standard trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole regimen.	2
Electroencephalography showed abnormalities of the type associated with metabolic disturbance.	2
After positioning of a 0.035 inch guidewire proximal to the biliary stricture, the preloaded catheter was advanced over the guidewire by using the monorail technique.	2
RESULTS: The mean age and duration of illness of the patients were 38.93+/-8.36 and 12.88+/-6.90 years, respectively.	2
A bubble in the inferior sagittal sinus was observed on the day of the stroke, which then disappeared within 24 hours.	2
Although nondiphtherial corynebacteria are ubiquitous in nature and commonly colonize the skin and mucous membranes of humans, they rarely account for clinical infection.	2
Various reports show the use of MELISA (memory lymphocyte immunostimulation assay) and patch tests in determining mercury sensitivity.	2
Liver abscess caused by ventriculoperitoneal (VP) shunt is very rare.	2
Pneumonitis and pneumatoceles following accidental hydrocarbon aspiration in children.	2
Many of the therapeutic agents that are used in the ICU may precipitate delirium.	2
Although few reports of side effects have been published complications such as priapism and fibrosis of the spongy tissue are of concern.	2
Paclitaxel was an effective therapy in this setting.	2
Post-transplant, the patient received single donor leucocyte transfusions, which resulted in a dramatic increase in neutrophil count.	2
Osteonecrosis is not well documented as a predisposing factor of septic arthritis despite such a relationship having obvious clinical significance.	2
A 61 year-old patient with a history of anxiety disorder presented with stridor after an uneventful laparotomy with a general anesthetic.	2
The low frequency HAR wave persisted for the subsequent 3 months until a tingling sensation returned to the left leg.	2
CONCLUSIONS: With increasing clinical use of terlipressin and an increasing incidence of obesity and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease-related cirrhosis, the incidence of these serious complications is likely to rise.	2
Now, malaria should first be presumed if a patient complains of a higher fever after a visit to a tropical country.	2
One of these patients relapsed after he stopped taking the preparation at his own initiative after 10 weeks.	2
Although the current metabolism of the 2 drugs in combination is poorly understood, the potential for serious interactions seems to exist in the rapidly growing population of persons with asthma, for whom they may be prescribed.	2
We describe the clinical course of these patients and their management aimed at maximizing the effectiveness of gold therapy.	2
A 55-year-old Caucasian man was admitted to hospital with triple vessel disease.	2
He was of unusual personality and had bizarre ideas on self-regulation of his diabetes, resulting in wide variations of insulin dosage.	2
Diagnosis of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder by family physicians and pediatricians was most commonly based on brief behavioral descriptions by parents and, infrequently, by use of rating scales.	2
He did not respond to treatment with oral iron not a proton pump inhibitor and an upper endoscopy was performed.	2
Two days later the patient developed visual hallucinations, ataxia, confusion and memory loss along with focal myoclonus, nausea and vomiting.	2
All responded to treatment.	2
Chromosomes were apparently normal.	2
Malignant neoplasm after immunosuppressive therapy is a well-known entity.	2
Investigations revealed AT deficiency, thrombocytopenia and renal infarction.	2
The adequacy of corticosteroid replacement therapy may best be assessed by monitoring the levels of ACTH.	2
The mean decrease in vivo following hemodialysis for ifosfamide, chloroacetaldehyde, and 4-hydroxyifosfamide were 86.9%, 77.2%, and 36.2%, respectively.	2
BACKGROUND: We report six cases of psychosis in patients with akinetic-rigid syndromes who were treated with risperidone.	2
Long-term lithium treatment attenuated the hypokinetic effect of reserpine in a patient with tardive dyskinesia.	2
Immunosuppressive treatment of rippling muscles in patients with myasthenia gravis.	2
A good example is the concern about using oral cobalamin when treating pernicious anemia.	2
The patient also developed red cell alloantibodies that produced a delayed hemolytic transfusion reaction (DHTR) and broad HLA antibodies.	2
MRI has a high sensitivity and specificity in the diagnosis of osteonecrosis and should be used when this condition is suspected.	2
Fournier's gangrene complicating aggressive therapy for hematologic malignancy.	2
Comparison of urinary levels of the porphyrin precursors, delta aminolevulinic acid and porphobilinogen, under controlled diet conditions before and after withdrawal of diphenylhydantoin, showed that this drug accounted for approximately one-half of the porphyrin precursor excretion.	2
Subacromial injections have been used to treat rotator cuff problems.	2
1. Nine patients in whom acute non-lymphoblastic leukemia (ANLL) developed following prolonged alkylating agent therapy are described.	2
One patient required a tracheotomy.	2
Anatomic arterial variation of the hand can lead to atypical presentation.	2
A 23-year-old Caucasian man diagnosed with stage IVB Hodgkin's disease was referred to a university oncology section after completing 1.5 cycles of chemotherapy.	2
Rational combinations of preventive medications may also be useful.	2
Neurological diseases have been rarely described as adverse events of anti-TNF agents.	2
A 53-year-old black man was diagnosed with poorly differentiated adenocarcinoma of the lung and treated initially with 4 cycles of paclitaxel in combination with carboplatin and external-beam radiation therapy with a good clinicoradiologic response.	2
The temporal course of the porphyrin abnormality suggested that cyclophosphamide was the pathogenic agent, and symptoms regressed after cessation of this drug with continued administration of cisplatin.	2
Oestrogen cream can be used in an attempt to minimise the adverse reaction and speed the healing process.	2
We report a 28-year-old woman of normal intellect, who had three late-onset seizures with unusual ictal features and secondary generalization during prolonged and vigorous tooth brushing.	2
The prognosis is generally poor for patients who experience a cardiac arrest.	2
It can be used to increase the intracellular concentration of chemotherapeutic agents in tumor cells (electrochemotherapy; ECT).	2
This resulted in loss of seizure control and a decrease in his serum carbamazepine concentration from 12.4 to 6.7 micrograms/mL.	2
Pentacam analysis may serve as a useful adjunct in following the progression of herpetic reactivation cases.	2
RESULTS: All three patients developed a biochemical-histologic pattern of cholestatic liver injury with damage to the interlobular bile ducts.	2
Toxicity associated with barracuda is discussed.	2
Although monoclonal integration of human T lymphotropic virus type I (HTLV-I) proviral DNA was detected in the peripheral blood lymphocytes at ATL diagnosis, bone marrow cells at t-MDS diagnosis did not show monoclonal integration of HTLV-I.	2
Extrapyramidal side effects: a historical perspective.	2
However, side effects and nonresponders to these approaches are not uncommon.	2
Tumors were assessed for immunohistochemical evidence of mTORC1 activation and genetic evidence of alterations in TSC1 and TSC2.	2
Nat Rev Cancer 2002;2:124-132).	2
Symptoms were rapidly controlled after a therapeutic dose was attained, and no adverse effects were reported.	2
The possible pathophysiologic mechanisms for the adverse reactions include a single-drug effect, a pharmacodynamic interaction, and a pharmacokinetic interaction.	2
Pustular psoriasis elicited by streptococcal antigen and localized to the sweat pore.	2
The dental surgeon can play an important role in the diagnosis and treatment of such patients.	2
Thrombolytic therapy may be a two-edged sword and therefore early angiography should be considered in making the diagnosis and choosing the therapy.	2
METHODS: A 44-year-old patient showed therapy-resistant cystoid macular edema for 2 years after repeated penetrating keratoplasty was performed as treatment of keratoconus.	2
Her symptoms and elevation of pancreatic enzymes did not respond to conventional medical treatment of pancreatitis for 18 d.	2
Careful review of the literature suggests that corticosteroid-induced liver damage may be more frequent than commonly believed.	2
Serum testosterone, dihydrotestosterone and estradiol fell to castration levels 4-6 weeks after the initiation of treatment and remained low throughout the study period.	2
This case is reported in support of the dopamine hypothesis for the etiology of schizophrenia.	2
We report the first case of hairy cell leukemia occurring after cardiac transplantation.	2
Imatinib, a tyrosine kinase inhibitor, is currently the therapy of choice for gastrointestinal stromal tumor (GIST).	2
He also showed a large tongue with an anterior open bite.	2
After calling the salon and consulting Poisindex, the substance was found to be Mar-V-cide, containing 20% Hyamine 3500, 50% cationic detergents, 20% isopropyl alcohol, and 1% sodium nitrite, which caused the methemoglobinemia in this case.	2
Amoxapine, a new antidepressant, appears in human milk.	2
8. The leukemogenic potential in man of prolonged cytotoxic agents therapy, especially with alkylating agents, seems to be well established.	2
Noncirrhotic portal hypertension (NCPH) represents a relatively infrequent group of conditions that causes portal hypertension in the absence of cirrhosis.	2
The authors report a case of mania occurring in a woman in late life who had begun receiving hormone replacement therapy for osteoporosis.	2
CONCLUSIONS: TNF-alpha inhibitors in general should be used cautiously in chronic hepatitis B viral infection.	2
Other clinical symptoms of sarcoidosis resemble side-effects of interferon.	2
Evidence regarding the remyelinating nature of human monoclonal antibodies raises interest in the potential therapeutic role these antibodies may have.	2
However, this aggressive chemotherapy has not offered any advantage because of an unacceptably high treatment-related morbidity and mortality (17%).	2
CASE SUMMARY: We report a case of scleroderma with DIHS associated with paramyxovirus infection.	2
Risk factors for neurotoxicity include renal insufficiency, underlying central nervous system (CNS) disease and increased CNS penetration of drug.	2
Patients with a haemoglobin level < 100 g/l were treated as out-patients for 12 weeks with daily doses ranging from 30 U/kg body weight (BW) up to 240 U/kg BW in non-responders.	2
DISCUSSION: Drug hypersensitivity reactions are the most common cause of AIN.	2
BACKGROUND: Delivery of tobramycin by inhalation to the lungs of patients with cystic fibrosis (CF) who are infected with Pseudomonas aeruginosa has been proven to be effective and safe.	2
Endodontic treatment, when possible, rather than extraction is the treatment of choice in patients suffering from such a disease.	2
Surgical management of primary hyperhidrosis by upper dorsal sympathectomy is the treatment of choice for intractable hyperhidrosis, however, paradoxically it may be followed by troublesome compensatory hyperhidrosis in a significant number of patients.	2
CT scans assessed the local extent of the tumor and ruled out metastatic disease prior to initiating therapy.	2
Thus, varenicline may not aid smoking cessation in patients undergoing treatment with amphetamine and amphetamine-like drugs.	2
Drug-induced linear IgA disease with antibodies to collagen VII.	2
Her response to a postural challenge test, without medication, was normal.	2
Gastrointestinal ulcers occur frequently and are mainly caused by H. pylori infection.	2
Upon rechallenge with clomiphene 3 months later, she again developed bilateral anterior uveitis.	2
Nocardia exalbida was isolated in Japan and characterized within the genus Nocardia.	2
We present a case of thrombosis of the right internal jugular vein presenting as a neck lump to the ENT department.	2
Subconjunctival and external hemorrhage secondary to oral anticoagulation.	2
The case is reported of a 45-year-old woman who was being treated for chronic back and right leg pain with intrathecal morphine administered via a subcutaneous continuous-infusion device.	2
The next day similar symptoms developed with rechallenge of the same brand of sustained-release verapamil in a 120-mg formulation, and verapamil was discontinued.	2
Disodium cromoglycate inhibited both responses.	2
Only minor complications have been reported previously.	2
An Asian multiparous woman weighing 47 kg, who suffered from a rare myopathy, congenital fibre type disproportion, was given morphine 10 mg intramuscularly for labour analgesia.	2
Jude total therapy studies XIII.	2
In some cases they may cause serious complications.	2
Interstrain differences in the development of pyometra after estrogen treatment of rats.	2
The authors describe a 65-year-old man who, after 7 years of complete remission from lung cancer, was found on routine oncologic follow imaging to have lesions on several vertebral bodies.	2
Intravitreal triamcinolone has been suggested as an adjunctive to photodynamic therapy in the treatment of exudative macular degeneration.	2
In this patient, the recurrence of the disease, the presence of filamentous strands on electron microscopy during both bouts of hepatitis and the efficacy of ribavirin on post-transplantation hepatitis suggest that the disease was caused by an original virus.	2
Candida sepsis developed during central total parenteral nutrition, at the age of 76 days.	2
She was on etanercept and methotrexate for rheumatoid arthritis.	2
SETTING: Medical intensive care unit at the University of Chicago, Chicago, IL.	2
Toxic epidermal necrolysis (TEN) and Stevens-Johnson syndrome (SJS) are severe life-threatening dermatologic conditions.	2
Two boys were treated with methylprednisolone due to acute exacerbations of Crohn disease.	2
Common hair care practices are a frequent cause of alopecia in black women.	2
A previously healthy 25-year old male with mild tonic-clonic epilepsy was found unconscious with serum VPA levels >10,000 micromol/l.	2
RD is not a rare condition, but is often misdiagnosed and is potentially lethal.	2
We report the case of a 27-year-old woman with hyperthyroidism during pregnancy.	2
PAIN Control: IV opioid range orders for acute pain management.	2
A man with systemic lupus erythematosus receiving chronic steroid therapy presented with headache, fever and panophthalmitis.	2
Vancomycin (14 mg/mL) was also given twice daily in 2 patients.	2
Diagnosis of pseudotumor cerebri was based on satisfaction of four criteria proposed by Ahlskog and O'Neill.	2
The Hybrizep method (which is available on the Japanese National Health system only for the diagnosis of septicemia) was a useful diagnostic approach for a patient on peritoneal dialysis who had peritonitis.	2
He began taking propafenone only 6 days prior to admission because of uncontrolled atrial fibrillation and symptoms of fatigue.	2
DATA EXTRACTION: Data from pertinent published sources were reviewed and abstracted.	2
Ankylosing spondylitis was present in two patients, but no other extraintestinal manifestations developed.	2
His fever resolved and clearance of the nodule was documented on a CT scan 2 months after diagnosis and initiation of treatment.	2
The patient was treated with intraventricular and intravenous vancomycin, intravenous teicoplanin and oral rifampicin, followed by oral chloramphenicol and rifampicin.	2
The patient underwent bilateral vertebral stenting due to severe stenosis in both intracranial segments of the vertebral arteries.	2
In most of these studies, the effect of acarbose (on reactive hypoglycemia) was evaluated over several hours postprandially or after oral glucose load.	2
Conversely, when rheumatoid arthritis (RA) is seen in association with HIV infection, remission of RA has been observed in some cases.	2
She was then placed on 1-month recall for the next 4 months.	2
Visual acuity had improved to 20/30(+2) O.D. and 20/30 O.S.	2
Medical misadventure = human tragedy.	2
We report the clinical outcome of liver, heart, and kidney recipients from a single donor.	2
Once again, severe dyspnea, cough, and wheezing developed.	2
Vincristine overdose (7.5 mg/m2) was accidentally administered to 3 children with acute lymphoblastic leukemia.	2
However, a cross-correlation analysis indicated that TPO responses preceded platelet responses by approximately one day in all patients.	2
Aldosterone antagonists are the mainstay of therapy in patients with hypertension due to primary aldosteronism.	2
It is rewarding to have the option to offer a medication that improves patients' status and enhances outcomes.	2
Risperidone in the treatment of delusions of infestation.	2
A 16-year-old girl with refractory AML received unmanipulated BMT from an unrelated donor.	2
Infections secondary to Leuconostoc are uncommon, and usually affect patients with underlying diseases, prior use of vancomycin and those with central lines.	2
Persistent ashen-gray maculae and freckles induced by long-term PUVA treatment.	2
DISCUSSION: Two other case reports of nephrotic syndrome have been reported in the literature.	2
Treatment for her breast cancer had included surgery, radiation and chemotherapy with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide.	2
It is too early to evaluate four patients at present.	2
We are unaware of previous reports of P. avidum hip arthritis.	2
Thus, the LNG-IUS is a viable option and represents a real advance in the treatment of adenomyosis.	2
If untreated, or misdiagnosed and treated incorrectly, there may be loss of visual acuity.	2
Posttransplant lymphoproliferative disorder (PTLD) is a serious complication of organ transplantation.	2
Recovery was characterized by the gradual clearing of the pulmonary infiltrates and a gradual lessening of the severe restrictive ventilatory defects over many weeks.	2
An exaggerated hypertensive response to glycopyrrolate therapy for bradycardia associated with high-dose dexmedetomidine.	2
Clinical, histological and serological studies--a further 10-year follow-up.	2
Dermatological signs are found in 50% of cases, and are often diagnostic.	2
The patient suffered excessive toxicity with low-dose irinotecan although no functional polymorphism in UGT1A1 was identified.	2
Two other patients were treated with clotrimazole as well as propamidine isethionate and neomycin sulfate-polymyxin B sulfate-gramicidin from the outset, and had an excellent response to medical therapy.	2
Enterococcus avium, formerly "group Q streptococcus," has rarely been reported as a pathogen in humans.	2
She had been on an immunosuppressive regimen for the past 8 years including steroids and Azathioprine.	2
Opioid-related narcosis is the most likely diagnosis in this case.	2
The fact that oxcarbazepine is a prodrug and that the formation of the active MHD metabolite is a rate-limiting process may contribute to the relative low toxicity of the drug in overdose.	2
Other drugs used simultaneously were ruled out by patch and challenge tests.	2
Computed Tomography was used to demonstrate the increased retro-orbital fat.	2
The patient failed to respond to intravitreous, subconjunctival, and systemic amphotericin B, and the eye was enucleated.	2
Henna (Lawsonia inermis Linn.) induced haemolytic anaemia in siblings.	2
She manifested all the clinical symptoms and signs of caffeine toxicity.	2
With continuing fall in PSA, the patient had unequivocal progression of disease seen on bone scan.	2
No chimeric glomerular cell was detected.	2
The concern about depression associated with beta-blocker use grew out of one widely referenced case report.	2
The results of the comparative study led us to the conclusion that the compression technique is a simple and valuable means of decreasing the side-effects of Adriamycin and increasing tumor response.	2
The possible role of both chemotherapy and the immunodeficiency associated to angioimmunoblastic lymphadenopathy in the pathogenesis of the leukemia is discussed.	2
In this report, a case is described of C. indologenes bacteraemia possibly associated with the use of a peripheral venous catheter.	2
Prevalence rates and an evaluation of reported risk factors for osteonecrosis (avascular necrosis) in Crohn's disease.	2
Although some reports suggest that treatment with recombinant erythropoietin may affect A1C values in patients undergoing hemodialysis, we know of no evidence to support this interaction in patients with chronic renal insufficiency who are not undergoing hemodialysis.	2
All symptoms disappeared within 24 h.	2
Anterior chamber shallowing was noted in both patients at presentation.	2
The diagnosis is confirmed by cytology, tissue studies, and viral cultures.	2
CASE DESCRIPTION: A 24-year-old 732-kg (1,610-lb) pregnant Belgian draft horse mare developed neuropathy and signs of intractable pain following colic surgery.	2
Because a catheter-related infection was suspected, the Port-A-Cath was removed after a 10-day course of piperacillin-tazobactam.	2
This case demonstrates that patients with idiopathic ANCA-positive vasculitis may quickly develop a superimposed drug-associated ANCA-positive vasculitis.	2
The use of a plant fungicide, the imidazole imazalil, in the therapy of human alternariosis is described.	2
We present a case of liver failure in a haemophilic patient coinfected with transfusion acquired human immunodeficiency (HIV) and hepatitis C (HCV) viruses.	2
Marked improvement was noted after the discontinuation of minocycline and the use of systemic corticosteroids.	2
Gemcitabine is a chemotherapy agent that may cause unpredictable side effects.	2
On day 1 of admission, the patient exhibited a diffuse urticarial rash over his trunk and extremities.	2
CLINICAL FEATURES: The patient was a 22-yr-old obese man with metastatic testicular carcinoma who underwent a left-sided thoracoabdominal retroperitoneal tumour resection.	2
The primary pathology was a spinal cord astrocytoma, grade II, with no intracranial extension.	2
Steroid rosacea in children.	2
Treatment possibilities of this multisystem disease up to now remain disappointing.	2
BACKGROUND: This is the first communication of a fatal spontaneous spinal epidural hematoma following thrombolysis.	2
Concomitant use of statins and cyclosporine should be avoided.	2
Despite the patient's abnormal baseline kidney function, the very high doses of lifoAmB were well tolerated and did not result in additional renal toxicity.	2
She died of fungal pneumonia 30 days later.	2
Few studies have addressed the impact of the new neuraminidase inhibitors in the prognosis of influenza after BMT.	2
A patient experienced methadone withdrawal symptoms when combining these agents.	2
Medication-induced dystonias in nine patients with dementia.	2
Laboratory determinations were used to directly evaluate therapeutic anticoagulant effects, and dosage regimens were adjusted to achieve desired anticoagulant levels.	2
The clinical picture and radiological abnormalities disappeared spontaneously on discontinuation of the drug.	2
In three cases acetohexamide (Dymelor), an oral hypoglycemic agent, was mistakenly given to patients instead of acetazolamide (Diamox), which had been prescribed for their glaucoma.	2
Blood transfusion and natural infection cases.	2
However, an intradermal test was positive to cloxacillin (2 mg/ml) in case 2.	2
Calcium antagonists are drugs commonly prescribed for the treatment of hypertension, angina pectoris, cardiac arrhythmias and other disorders because of their efficacy and tolerability.	2
This is the first report of a chronic myeloproliferative disorder following successful treatment of hairy cell leukemia.	2
Further exacerbations of the rheumatic condition may be induced by treatment of the cancer.	2
These asymptomatic papules with a tendency to coalesce became more prominent with prolonged exposure (Figs 1 and 2).	2
It is present in approximately 2% of the population and is estimated to cause symptoms<5% of the time.	2
These findings are consistent with a model suggesting that both platelet and megakaryocyte mass contribute to a receptor-dependent consumption process regulating the endogenous TPO level.	2
Chemotherapy induced myocardial fibrosis.	2
Cerebellar hemorrhage after multiple manual pumping tests of a ventriculoperitoneal shunt: a case report.	2
Miconazole a new antifungal agent was used with dramatic response.	2
The potential role of serotonin in the development of this serious complication is discussed.	2
Repeated open application tests with amcinonide and triamcinolone acetonide cream on the ventral aspect of the upper arm were negative.	2
The diagnosis of multiple myeloma was made in two white men, aged 55 and 59 years.	2
These areas were subject to repeated exposure to solvents.	2
A 74-year old white man was undergoing treatment with palliative chemotherapy for Stage IV Prostate Adenocarcinoma with multiple osteoblastic metastases.	2
In: Camus P, Rosenow E, editors.	2
Semiquantitative measurements of cytokine mRNA in his bronchoalveolar lavage cells prior to therapy with IFN-alpha revealed high levels of IL-4 and IL-10 mRNA, which decreased significantly with treatment.	2
Two days after surgery, signs of orbital cellulitis developed in his right orbit.	2
Our patient illustrates the importance of early recognition and treatment of hyponatremia before the onset of seizures.	2
METHODS: A 23-year-old contact lens wearer was treated for bilateral Acanthamoeba keratitis and underwent penetrating keratoplasty in the right eye for descemetocele with impending risk of perforation.	2
He was treated with antibiotics and his fever went down.	2
Liver biopsy disclosed submassive hepatic necrosis.	2
Autopsy revealed that cortical and subcortical structures were normal without neuronal necrosis or eosinophilia.	2
Drug-induced hypersensitivity syndrome (DIHS) is one of the most severe drug adverse reactions, with characteristic biphasic symptoms.	2
A prolonged and clinically useful delay in the recurrence of hypertension following withdrawal of the drug was also observed.	2
Acute promyelocytic leukemia after living donor partial orthotopic liver transplantation in two Japanese girls.	2
Pilocarpine has been used as an ophthalmologic agent for decades; however, toxicity rarely has been reported in the medical literature.	2
They were treated with cyclophosphamide for 98 and 44 months respectively.	2
Thrombophilic screening revealed no abnormalities except heterozygous F V G1691A.	2
Reiter's syndrome, immunodepression and strongyloidiasis.	2
Aspirin sensitivity: the role for aspirin challenge and desensitization in postmyocardial infarction patients.	2
We describe a case of coexisting psoriasis and SCLE initially treated with infliximab, and then alefacept.	2
Bilateral ear infections, central nervous system lymphoma and infection, or other drug-induced neuropathies were excluded as possible etiologies for the deafness.	2
An unusual case of Lafora body disease.	2
The prepuce as a donor site for reconstruction of an extravasation injury to the foot in a newborn.	2
Common ocular findings include comeal micro-deposits and lens opacities.	2
Magnetic resonance spectroscopy in Niemann-Pick disease type C: correlation with diagnosis and clinical response to cholestyramine and lovastatin.	2
The evolution was favourable without treatment.	2
Both tacrolimus and nefazodone are metabolized by the cytochrome P450 (CYP) 3A4 system.	2
Further work-up led to the diagnosis of anterior spinal artery syndrome.	2
Recent technical advances in infusion systems in the form of the infusaid pump has allowed delivery of chemotherapeutic agents to the liver with great reliability.	2
UFT, a combination of uracil and tegafur, is a second-generation anticancer agent.	2
The case reports are followed by a brief review of the literature on differential diagnoses, risk factors, early signs and treatment data.	2
The patient was diagnosed as having a cerebral dural sinus thrombosis, but only after the diagnosis was missed initially.	2
Additionally, ceftriaxone may cause problems in either adults or children with preexisting disease, who may not be well-nourished, or who may be dehydrated.	2
To our knowledge, this is the first case involving M. genavense infection in a patient with systemic lupus erythematosus.	2
This observation suggest that linezolid is a promising drug for the treatment of prosthetic joint infections due to MRSA or other Gram-positive pathogens, particularly when other therapeutic approaches are not feasible or a long-term antibiotic therapy is required.	2
This is a retrospective analysis of the complete autopsy records and clinical histories of 500 adults who underwent organ transplantation at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center during the interval of March, 1981 through July, 1997.	2
Hereby we describe the first case of ARF in a HIV-infected patient, who received IVIG stabilized with maltose for the treatment of HIV-related thrombocytopenic purpura.	2
SETTING: Adult intensive care unit (ICU) at Dartmouth-Hitchcock Medical Center.	2
A 35-year-old man with refractory low grade diffuse centroblastic centrocytic non-Hodgkin's lymphoma was treated accidentally with an overdose of multiple chemotherapeutic agents.	2
We report a case in which in-stent restenosis of an overhanging stent had been treated with an also overhanging sirolimus-coated Cypher stent (Cordis Corporation, Roden, The Netherlands).	2
Each case (stage IB and IA) occurred after initiation of the subcutaneous anti-tumor necrosis factor medications etanercept and adalimumab, respectively.	2
The optic neuropathy subsided only when both drugs were discontinued, suggesting an additive toxic effect.	2
Two weeks after admission, she developed signs of WE including diplopia, ophthalmoplegia, nystagmus, and memory disturbance.	2
All patients had varying degrees of evidenced high tumor burden, including lymphocytosis, elevated lactate dehydrogenase values, bulky tumor masses, and bone marrow involvement by lymphoma.	2
Although calcium deficiency has not been incriminated as a cause of rickets in the past, it is possible that in very tiny premature infants rapid growth requirements lead to a relative calcium deficiency which may be manifested as uncalcified osteoid.	2
This is the earliest onset PCP in the literature after HSCT despite the prophylactic administration of TMP/SMX before transplant.	2
Late-onset donor-to-host transmission of Candida glabrata following corneal transplantation.	2
Topical tacrolimus appears as an effective and safe treatment of symptomatic OLP.	2
One month after surgery both patients were free of involuntary movements with an improvement of about 60% in the "off" state UPDRS motor score.	2
This report describes four patients with variant angina and one patient with rest angina who had coronary spasm that was refractory to sublingual or i.v. nitroglycerin.	2
Signs of illness in those that died were vomiting, diarrhea, neutropenia, anorexia, and fever, usually within 3 days of the start of chemotherapy.	2
Misdiagnosis in all three patients led to inappropriate topical corticosteroid use.	2
Data suggest that tamoxifen is involved in the pathogenesis.	2
The uncontrolled case report: a double-edged sword.	2
However, the similarities between patient reports and reports from healthcare professionals in most frequently reported ADRs and most frequently reported drugs are striking.	2
In each of the five patients, adenosine was given in a standard fashion (6 or 12 mg).	2
Both patients completed the planned course of radiotherapy without interruption, after administration of G-CSF.	2
We describe two patients with profound hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis suppression resulting from the unregulated use of super potent topical corticosteroids.	2
She achieved complete remission, but one year later had a relapse in her external auditory canal without leukemic cell in the bone marrow.	2
The primary outcome measure was angiographic resolution of CMO.	2
The patient tolerated the rechallenge with fluorouracil without complications.	2
Brain hemorrhage is a feared complication of early anticoagulation therapy in patients with cardioembolic brain infarction.	2
The patient with a pre-excitation syndrome is usually managed in a coronary care unit.	2
He recovered without complications with imipenem-cilastatin prophylaxis.	2
No adverse reaction was observed from the intra-articular injections.	2
Subsequently, the pedicle screws were removed.	2
In court, the female offender confessed and was sentenced to prison for 3 1/2 years.	2
Steroids were given promptly on the day following onset of pneumonitis, and the patient (72 years old) recovered almost completely within one and a half months.	2
A leukocytoclastic vasculitis was found in both the acute phase and in the amputated fingertips.	2
The treatment was given on an outpatient basis without requiring prolonged patient sedation or immobilization.	2
Proposed mechanisms for leukemogenesis are presented.	2
A patient receiving allogeneic bone marrow transplant for treatment of acute myelomonocytic leukemia died on the 78th post-transplant day with clinically unrecognized disseminated histoplasmosis.	2
The mortality rate associated with respiratory failure due to invasive fungal infections after allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) is exceedingly high.	2
Strongyloides infection should be ruled out in patients with eosinophilia before immunosuppressants are initiated to prevent the complication of disseminated strongyloidiasis.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Mycobacterial keratitis is a potentially vision-threatening complication after LASIK, characterized by a long latent period, delayed diagnosis, and a protracted course even under intensive specific antibiotic therapy.	2
Eventually, both patients were found to have adrenal insufficiency responsible for the fever, which improved after steroid replacement.	2
One and a half hours after receiving 110 mg suxamethonium for oesophagoscopy, the patient was still apnoeic with no response to ulnar nerve stimulation.	2
A 25-year-old woman with mild hyperphenylalaninemia developed disabling depression and panic attacks.	2
We report on successful liver transplantation in a patient with CSD who suffered from chronic hepatitis C.	2
Future investigations evaluating the efficacy of adjunctive antibiotics for purulent SSTIs and monitoring the incidence of SJS/TEN in the era of CA-MRSA are necessary to reduce unnecessary use of sulfonamide drugs.	2
A patient is reported who developed essential thrombocythemia after successful treatment for hairy cell leukemia.	2
In the other case, a 62-year-old woman, almost all the symptoms subsided after 14 days, and oral dyskinesia persisted for only one additional month.	2
Neutropenia due to parvovirus B19 infections in patients with paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria.	2
Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) developed in as 23-year-old woman with psoriasis during treatment with psoralen-ultraviolet-A (PUVA).	2
Alcohol withdrawal syndrome (AWS) is a major cause of morbidity and mortality in the acute care setting.	2
Eighty-two percent of patients had clinical and laboratory improvement on the higher or maintenance dose of corticosteroids.	2
He was initially managed as a suspected case of pulmonary embolism.	2
Portopulmonary hypertension recurred when the transplanted liver failed and again resolved after a second liver transplantation.	2
Modulation of both dopamine and histamine systems together appears to be important in the treatment of AHC and further investigation of such pharmacotherapies is suggested.	2
Fibrin sheath formation around venous access devices (VADs) frequently leads to persistent withdrawal occlusion (PWO).	2
Chemotherapy in massively obese patients may be complicated by difficulty in calculating body surface area.	2
Once extensive microbiological studies proved negative, corticosteroids were given and a complete remission of clinical and radiological abnormalities was achieved.	2
Hepatotoxicity seen with erlotinib, a small molecule tyrosine kinase inhibitor to EGFR, is usually transient with mild elevation of transaminases.	2
We report on case histories of two epileptic patients who were initially on lamotrigine and to whom sertraline was added to control psychiatric features.	2
CONCLUSION: Our data suggest an association between cGVHD and post-HSCT MN.	2
Tocolysis was stopped immediately, and the laboratory data improved gradually.	2
No other diagnostic criteria for neuroleptic malignant syndrome (NMS) were present.	2
All had a muscle biopsy, but only one showed the classical rimmed vacuoles.	2
This paper reviews the development of steroid therapy for spinal cord injuries, the mechanisms of action, and the nursing care associated with its use.	2
Several hypotheses are advanced to explain the failure of bone erosions to heal.	2
Most symptoms resolved within several days, but tongue thrust continued until 6 months of age.	2
Intraocular inflammation was minimal in all cases.	2
RESULTS: Extensive laboratory investigations failed to yield any diagnosis and allograft nephrectomy was performed in one patient, with a probable diagnosis of inflammation of the allograft, which resulted in no improvement.	2
Off-label use should be discouraged.	2
Chronic use of ergot alkaloids has been recognized as a rare cause of lower extremity ischemia.	2
10 and 15 exchanges of PD using an automated cycler were respectively performed during the first and second 24-hour periods after gadolinium exposure.	2
The standard treatment for late infections of knee prostheses is a two-stage reimplantation with a temporary articulating spacer between operations, but there is no universal agreement as to the best type of spacer to be used and surgeons have created modifications according to their technical and economic resources.	2
The patient did well after the operation and returned to normal activity.	2
The operation was performed by the standard technique (Lower-Shumway) in the first patient and by the bicaval anastomosis technique in the second patient.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Chloroquine-resistant vivax malaria is increasingly widespread, and transmission can occur within large tropical population centers.	2
MRI with gadolinium enhancement demonstrated prominent multifocal enhancing white matter lesions.	2
Despite an extensive evaluation, which included a gallium scan, a technetium bone scan, and abdominal ultrasound, a source could not be found.	2
There are very few reports about asterixis as a side effect of treatment with psychopharmacologic agents.	2
The patient developed pulmonary aspergillosis with a rapidly fatal outcome despite recovery from neutropenia and improvement of the underlying malignancy.	2
CONCLUSION: Prolonged unsupervised use of glucocorticoid ocular drops may result in Cushing's syndrome and its numerous associated complications.	2
Our case shows that clinical symptoms of polymyositis improved with steroid and immunoglobulin treatment without deterioration of the hepatitis B.	2
Of note is that the renal histology at autopsy showed a remarkable improvement of mesangial hypercellularity with concomitant reduction in the number of glomerular macrophages.	2
RESULTS: Both patients were negative for islet cell antibodies.	2
Two of these cases concerned relatively young, previously healthy patients and had fatal outcomes.	2
5-Azacytidine and fetal hemoglobin.	2
OBJECTIVES: The examination of potential associations between Graves' disease and thyrotropin-producing pituitary adenoma (TSHoma) after treatment using octreotide, and of the expression of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPAR gamma).	2
Ultrastructural evaluation were also performed in selected cases.	2
Treatment was started with heparin and vasodilators.	2
The patient was brought back to a normal sinus rhythm after a single 300-J counter-shock.	2
Minoxidil, hypercoagulability and thromboembolic disease of the lung.	2
The importance of early recognition of postsplenectomy sepsis (PSS) is emphasised since the survival rate is poor and the risk of visual loss high.	2
Coexistence of hereditary angioedema and Turner's syndrome has not previously been reported and this case highlights the detrimental C1 inhibitor level lowering effect of oestrogen in hereditary angioedema.	2
He stopped this therapy in February 1996 because of asthenia, diplopia, headache, and anxiety.	2
We report an unusual case of verrucal alopecia occurring on the vertex scalp of a black woman, which was presumed to be secondary to use of a thioglycolate permanent wave preparation.	2
Visual acuity improved from finger counting or less to 20/40 or better in all cases.	2
Fever recurred 30 days after his initial presentation, and blood smear-positive vivax malaria was diagnosed.	2
2. The plasma cortisol level was significantly higher in the low-dose period (mean 13.90 +/- 3.35 micrograms/ml) than in the high-dose period (mean 9.06 +/- 2.75 micrograms/ml) although, paradoxically, the panic attack frequency was significantly lower in the low-dose period (mean 1.35 +/- 0.29/day) than in the high-dose period (mean 2.09 +/- 0.66/day).	2
There were 15 (55%) patients that responded, three with a complete and 12 with a partial response with a mean duration of response of 13.4 months.	2
The treatment of Toxoplasma encephalitis in patients with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.	2
However, because ADPKD is a bilateral disorder, ACE-inhibitor therapy may worsen renal function, as occurs in patients with bilateral renal artery stenosis.	2
Combined intoxication with a tricyclic antidepressive agent and a neuroleptic.	2
Ocular examinations revealed intraocular pressure (IOP) of 30 mmHg under medication, dense posterior subcapsular opacity of lens, pale disc with advanced cupping, and marked constriction of visual field.	2
Both phenotypic and genotypic virologic analysis was performed on sequential CMV isolates.	2
An acute psychotic illness in a young woman was initially thought to be secondary to prolonged and pathological grief.	2
She was started on amlodipine 2.5 mg orally once daily, a nitroglycerin patch (0.4 mg/h), and warfarin 5 mg orally once daily.	2
Contact dermatitis treated with new topical products: a case study.	2
In the absence of a congenital long QT syndrome, torsades is seen with certain drugs such as antiarrhythmic agents (Class IA, IC, III), psychotropic medications, antidepressants, antihistamines, and electrolyte disturbances.	2
We recommend routine follow up by ECG of patients over the age of 50 treated with carbamazepine.	2
Patients had tended to become more neurotic (p = 0.08) and less extravert (p = 0.07).	2
Aminoglycoside-associated hypomagnesaemia in children with cystic fibrosis.	2
Histologically, the stratum corneum was thickened, with persistent nuclei together with countless small basophilic granules.	2
The patient attained a final height of 160.8 cm, which was appropriate for her target height.	2
However, in our experience, these patients are sometimes placed on angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors in accordance with guidelines applying to the general hypertensive population.	2
Although radiation-induced laryngeal necrosis has become a rare complication, the combination of chemotherapy and radiation therapy may increase its incidence.	2
In lieu of an effective regimen, interleukin-2 (IL-2) and interferon alfa are considered drugs of choice to treat this cancer.	2
We report a case of recurrent, long-lasting familiar amnesia occurring after betablocker treatment withdrawal in a migrainous patient.	2
An 88-year-old woman developed necrotizing scleritis after eye muscle surgery.	2
Thirty-three patients with primary ovarian malignancy were treated with cisplatin-based combination chemotherapy ranging from 1 to 12 (mean 4.6) cycles.	2
This reaction is better known with carbamazepine and phenytoin, but is less common with broad-spectrum antiepileptic drugs such as valproic acid.	2
The duodenum was stitched up and separated from the aorta by omentoplasty.	2
This article discusses the reasons why this case may represent serotonin syndrome rather than clozapine withdrawal and the possible pharmacologic mechanisms involved.	2
We report two cases of secondary AML in which platinum compounds were the sole prior chemotherapy.	2
This phenomenon appears to be related to bilateral simultaneous retinal ischemia delaying regeneration of visual pigments in the pigment epithelial layer.	2
He was hospitalized for 51 days and, after aggressive diuresis and discontinuation of pioglitazone, was discharged with a weight loss of 30 pounds.	2
Central venous catheter-related Rhodotorula rubra fungemia.	2
After administration of granulocyte colony-stimulating factor (G-CSF), multiple infiltrative erythema was identified on the face, thigh, and lower leg.	2
CT scan of the brain was unremarkable.	2
Infliximab and nephrotic syndrome.	2
Gemcitabine, a nucleotide analog, recently was implicated in several cases.	2
The incidence of cerebral amyloid angiopathy increases with advancing age.	2
This usually occurs in patients taking other ototoxic medications, with poor renal function, or with autoimmune disease.	2
Monocytic leukemoid reaction, glucocorticoid therapy, and myelodysplastic syndrome.	2
Establishing causality in pediatric adverse drug reactions: use of the Naranjo probability scale.	2
Median platelet nadir counts for all patients was 14.5 x 10(9))/L (range 1-24).	2
A 21-year-old woman with pars planitis was treated with a subtenon's depot corticosteroid injection that was complicated by the appearance of the corticosteroid suspension within the choroidal vasculature.	2
Measurements of the peripheral arterial circulation were made using the Doppler ultrasonic velocity detector.	2
The parasite may remain in the host for over 25 years before immunosuppression causes either dissemination or hyperinfection.	2
The Patient conceived 2 years after completing therapy and gave birth at term to a normal infant.	2
This investigational compound was employed in a 50-year-old patient with acute myelomonocytic leukemia complicated by prolonged, treatment-induced granulocytopenia and documented Aspergillus flavus sinusitis with signs of disseminated aspergillosis.	2
Radiotherapy has been the predominant treatment in the past, but more recently multi-modality treatments have been utilised.	2
Gadolinium enhancement of anterior lumbosacral spinal nerve roots was demonstrated in all three patients, and an elevation of cerebrospinal fluid immunoglobulin G synthesis was evident in two patients with more severe symptoms.	2
Histopathological findings included signs of orthokeratotic hyperkeratosis, moderate follicular keratosis and light epidermic acanthosis.	2
Although the aetiology of their cerebral dysfunction can not be definitely ascertained this case series emphasizes the need for long-term prospective studies in patients with diabetes of long duration to assess the impact of the disorder on cognitive and social abilities particularly where there is evidence of cerebral dysfunction.	2
A case of Sweet's syndrome following septic pulmonary emboli after high-dose chemotherapy for advanced testicular cancer.	2
Treatment of Parkinson's disease should be determined by level of disability and handicap.	2
Ileal ulcers and cytomegalovirus infection in a case of Churg-Strauss syndrome.	2
Long-term studies will be needed to demonstrate reversal of endocrine, hepatic and cardiac dysfunction secondary to iron deposition in these patients.	2
First case report.	2
Its use, together with other techniques, such as mycologic, cytologic and histological examinations, allowed us to identify Candida albicans as aetiological agent in this particular case.	2
Surgery can relieve refractory tremor and dyskinesias, but does not alter disease progression or need for drug therapy.	2
The present authors report the case of an adult with chronic granulomatous disease who developed an unusual lung fibrosis associated with severe pulmonary hypertension.	2
As physicians begin to treat chronic hepatitis C more often and more aggressively, this potential problem with occur more frequently.	2
This likely explains the noted response to a calcium channel blocker (CCB), namely diltiazem.	2
None of these patients met the DSM-IV criteria for a major depressive disorder.	2
Two cases of long lasting bacteremia due to Mycobacterium avium complex despite new macrolides-containing regimens in patients with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.	2
Of the 16 patients, including the 1 reported here, only 3 displayed significant shortening of the agranulocytic period after treatment.	2
Homozygosity for the methylentetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR) C677T polymorphism diagnosed by molecular genetic analysis was the only explanation for this toxicity.	2
The first case of early-onset postsplenectomy arthritis due to intermediately penicillin-resistant Streptococcus pneumoniae is reported.	2
None of these patients had had pelvic radiation therapy.	2
Haematological malignancies developing in previously healthy individuals who received haematopoietic growth factors: report from the Research on Adverse Drug Events and Reports (RADAR) project.	2
After an uneventful tonsillectomy and extubation, stridor and respiratory distress developed.	2
Diagnosis and management of such infections in the immunosuppressed host are difficult.	2
A double-blind challenge with nadolol and captopril decreased FEV1 by 3 and 12%, respectively.	2
CONTEXT: Acute drug induced hepatitis has not been commonly associated with epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) inhibitors.	2
On day 13, a 24-hour urine collection had a protein excretion of 3151 mg.	2
Despite antibiotic therapy, his pulmonary function deteriorated and 100 percent oxygen was required to maintain adequate oxygenation.	2
Similar cases were previously described associated with captopril treatment, but not with enalapril.	2
Gynaecomastia due to anti-tubercular chemotherapy is a rare side effect.	2
The other patient had dienestrol, 2.5 mg daily, and later estradiol, 40 mg every 6 weeks.	2
A case of heterotopic pregnancy, an unusual condition in itself, complicated by pulmonary embolus is presented.	2
DiGeorge's syndrome in monozygotic twins.	2
Oxime therapy should be considered even late in the course of untreated or partially treated OP intoxications, especially when the etiologic agent is a lipid-soluble compound (ie malathion) that can cause a protracted course of poisoning.	2
Follow up, at six months, after stopping the course of treatment, patient was asymptomatic except for slight bilateral non-tender breast enlargement.	2
Immunosuppression could disseminate tuberculous focuses, resulting in extracervical involvement of SD connected with the underlying extrapulmonary tuberculous lesions.	2
This epileptic activity was continuous and unmodified by sensory stimulation and eyes opening and closing.	2
Percutaneous renal biopsy revealed that she had minimal change nephrotic syndrome.	2
This is a report of a case of a 53-year-old woman undergoing treatment with Xyrem for narcolepsy.	2
SCA2 may present as levodopa-responsive parkinsonism.	2
This was treated immediately with oral acyclovir.	2
Molecular analysis confirmed the vaccine strain as the causative agent.	2
Hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS) is a rare complication following solid organ transplantation.	2
The second bowl of decoction probably became more concentrated because of evaporation of water during continued boiling and contained a larger amount of 'maqianzi'.	2
In this report, we discuss the care of patients with aplastic anaemia in the peritransplant setting.	2
Two complications were identified (0.1%), one at each institution.	2
This rare adverse reaction to TMP-SMX has been reported in adults; however, to our knowledge, it has been reported in only five other children.	2
The diagnosis of this entity is difficult, if not misdiagnosed, because of its rarity and its subacute presentation.	2
METHOD: The case histories of three geriatric patients treated with fluoxetine for depression or obsessive compulsive disorder are presented.	2
Seven psychiatric inpatients receiving carbamazepine 600 mg/day were coadministered clarithromycin 400 mg/day for 5 days to treat atypical pneumonia.	2
Total excision of the lesions with concomitant four-combined antituberculous therapy proved successful.	2
The remaining pregnancy, delivery and follow-up period were uneventful for the mother and her offspring.	2
Ganciclovir resistance was suspected to be caused by both A594V of UL97 and Q578H of UL54, whereas foscarnet resistance was due mainly to Q578H of UL54.	2
Two months after insertion and following a course of chemotherapy the lower end of the stent eroded the mucosa of the second part of the duodenum causing severe gastrointestinal hemorrhage which necessitated laparotomy and trimming of the stent.	2
The intramuscular route of administration is associated with cutaneous side effects such as dermal necrosis, sterile abscesses and ulcer formation at the injection site, while urticaria may develop near the site of intravenous drug infusion.	2
Surgically induced necrotizing scleritis in a patient with ankylosing spondylitis.	2
Over 12 months, the patient received six rather than 12 CY treatments, half the cumulative dose that might have been administered.	2
Benefit from this was limited and a course of intra-arterial urokinase was instituted.	2
A mosaic karyotype with XY and XO was found on chromosomal analysis and gonadectomy was performed in view of the high risk of gonadoblastoma.	2
For the treatment of secondary hyperparathyroidism (HPTH-II) in dialysis patients and hypercalcemia in patients with parathyroid carcinoma.	2
Three were not assessable.	2
A rare case of anterior chest closure only with omental flap after devastating mediastinitis: case report.	2
Cisplatin was substituted and the patient achieved a complete response to therapy without further hypersensitivity.	2
The two final patients suffered from typical forms of primary NH, one associated with migraine without aura, the other with chronic tension-type headache.	2
CONCLUSION: The combination of FSGS with leukemia poses a management challenge to the clinician in terms of further treatment with potentially nephrotoxic drugs, complications of nephrotic syndrome (including infections), and timing of renal transplantation.	2
We present two such case of epilepsy induced by video game.	2
Thus, we believe that the combination of sodium thiosulfate with cinacalcet and paracalcitol is effective for the treatment of calciphylaxis with secondary hyperparathyroidism.	2
In 1996, the manufacturer began a direct-to-consumer advertising campaign, raising concerns of more exposed pregnancies.	2
Local aprotinin injections are used in the treatment of chronic tendinopathy.	2
Her clinical course was complicated and the catecholamine and cortisol concentrations were still elevated 24 h after start of treatment.	2
Preoperative chemotherapy for locally advanced breast carcinoma (stage IIIA,B) is increasingly utilized demonstrating a 70 to 95% objective response and 15 to 35% complete response.	2
Lymphangiomyomatosis: hormonal implications in etiology and therapy.	2
The right eye was regrafted three months after the recurrence and penetrating keratoplasty was done two years later in the left eye.	2
Respiratory effects of halothane in a patient with refractory status asthmaticus.	2
One patient reacted to glycine in the same way.	2
His polymyoclonus was successfully treated with phenytoin, sodium thiopental infusion, sodium valproate and supportive care of the hemodynamic, and respiratory systems.	2
This is the first description of BRONJ involving the skull base.	2
The VAS decrease for this patient was 14.3%.	2
Copperhead envenomations in the Carolinas.	2
Despite recent meta-analyses showing either similar rates or only slightly increased rates of stent thrombosis in patients with a drug-eluting stent, clinicians remain concerned about the risk of late stent thrombosis in these patients.	2
A 66-year-old man with hepatic metastases from gastric adenocarcinoma was treated on two occasions with 5-fluoro-2-deoxyuridine (FUdR) via hepatic artery infusion (HAI).	2
BAL demonstrated a significant lymphocytic alveolitis typical for hypersensitivity pneumonitis.	2
It can cause severe CNS depression, especially in very young children.	2
MK-0457 has in vitro activity against cells expressing wild-type or mutated BCR-ABL, including the T315I BCR-ABL mutation.	2
Her carbamazepine concentration decreased from 11.8 to 8.5 micrograms/mL; she also became pregnant at that time.	2
We present a rare case of a thrombus at the aortic arch found 1 month after cisplatin-based chemotherapy in a 50-year-old patient with a diagnosis of small cell lung cancer; there were no symptoms related to the thrombus.	2
However, increased dyspnoea and bronchospasm necessitated reintubation.	2
Multiple attempts to withdraw the medication resulted in relapse.	2
All three patients had microcytic microchromic anemia with basophilic stippling of the erythrocytes, lead lines in X-ray of the knee joint and high blood lead levels.	2
CONCLUSION: The choice of anticoagulant and antiplatelet agents, dose, and timing of administration can affect outcomes in patients with NSTE ACS.	2
Cerebral sinus thrombosis associated with acquired free protein S deficiency is very rare.	2
CONCLUSION: Recent data suggest that eosinophils may directly damage the gastrointestinal tract wall in eosinophilic gastroenteritis.	2
Immediately after the intubation, she suffered cardiac arrest.	2
Her treatment was complicated by hypocalcemia and thrombocytopenia.	2
Pleural and broncheoalveolar fluid analyses (BAL) showed eosinophils.	2
A trial of dexamethasone therapy normalized blood pressure, and plasma and urinary aldosterone decreased to low levels and renin levels increased.	2
These patients developed cutaneous sarcoidosis about 3 months after the beginning of the combination therapy.	2
Three days later a new recurrence of disseminated lichen planus occurred.	2
We present 2 cases of patients with schizophrenia who manifested a catatonic syndrome and were indicated for ECT, along with antibiotic therapies for infectious diseases with piperacillin and cefotiam, respectively.	2
Rarely, pleural effusion and/or pulmonary hemorrhage may occur.	2
Following the widespread use of GVO, more severe complications such as needle cementation, fistula formation, embolic sequels, recurrent septicemia, etc., have been reported.	2
In high-grade tumors, BCG therapy has proven to be superior to intravesical chemotherapy.	2
Various treatment modalities, such as an epidural blood patch, use of glue, removal of catheter, and surgical closure of dura and subdural blood patch, have been reported previously.	2
Alertness returned over the 24 hr following by the discontinuation of BH-AC and intravenous administration of diphenylhydantoin, although she complained of intermittent headaches and visual disturbance.	2
The antiviral effect of lamivudine was fair, and no objective side effect was experienced during the transplant procedure.	2
The pharmacokinetic synergism of this combination may be hazardous for some patients.	2
A case of recurrent Candida parapsilosis prosthetic valve endocarditis: cure by medical treatment alone.	2
Infectious complications of this therapeutic regime in severe UC are known but to our knowledge a recurrent sepsis complicating this therapy even after cessation of CyA has not been reported in the literature so far.	2
This was initially diagnosed as a spreading dental infection.	2
The in vivo occurrence of such giant forms is rare, and when observed histologically may result in an erroneous diagnosis or a diagnosis of multiple mycotic organisms.	2
Monozygotic male twins with DiGeorge's syndrome had facial dysmorphism, cardiovascular abnormalities, hypocalcemia, and immunodeficiency; however, they showed differences in several aspects of this developmental complex.	2
C1-inhibitor deficiency, or hereditary angioedema, is a genetic disorder characterized by recurrent circumscribed, nonpruritic, nonpitting subepithelial edema.	2
The patient's receipt of concurrent anti-TNF-alpha therapy and other immunosuppressive therapy while she was living in an area where histoplasmosis was endemic was thought to be the most likely explanation for the infection; the evidence presented suggests that this fatal infection was unlikely to have been related to exposure to the agent administered in the gene-therapy trial.	2
Malignant lymphoma involving the penis following malignant pleural mesothelioma.	2
Personality factors and drug effects in a controlled study of cyclazocine.	2
Case no. 1 showed features of photoallergy such as 1-month incubation period, decreased MED to UVA, strong positive photopatch test result, cross reaction to chlorpromazine, and angry back phenomenon found in allergic contact dermatitis.	2
Although the great majority of these events occur at sites of vascular interruption, major gastrointestinal, retroperitoneal, genitourinary, and central nervous system hemorrhage are known to occur.	2
We report a series of three patients with HCC and platelet count < 60,000/mm(3) who were successfully treated with sorafenib with no complications.	2
Recently, many cooperative groups use dexamethasone instead of prednisone during induction.	2
Conventional brachytherapy can reduce these problems, but its use is limited in young children because of radiation exposure to parents and care-givers.	2
The symptoms occurred with a delay of 3-4 h after the treatment x2 daily.	2
Endarteritis by inflammation of the leptomeninges is known to be its cause.	2
These observations suggest that depressed thyroid function may be protective against arrhythmias but a patient with preexisting conduction system disease may develop AV block.	2
The possibility of a recrudescence of a persisting infection was rejected.	2
She had precordial ST-segment elevation characteristic of acute myocardial infarction and elevated cardiac biomarkers.	2
Although minor gastrointestinal bleeding is common among patients taking anticoagulants, all patients should be fully evaluated because the source of hemorrhage may be malignant.	2
Further controlled clinical investigations are necessary to evaluate change in weight during treatment with olanzapine ODT, and to improve our understanding of this change.	2
Three days later, he presented with evidence of massive deep haemorrhage to the point of airway compromise.	2
Two separate blood cultures yielded C. indologenes.	2
Nevertheless the patient lapsed into a hypotonic coma.	2
Moreover, meningiomas in the lumbosacral region are very rare.	2
The infection was successfully treated with flap amputation and daily debridement in addition to antifungal therapy.	2
After induced delivery at term because of hypertension, repeated laboratory findings showed increased aspartate aminotransferase (AST) and alanine aminotransferase (ALT) and negative hepatitis C and B markers.	2
An extensive workup for other causes of eosinophilic pleural effusion was unrevealing.	2
Four perfusions were performed on patients in stage III, that is those with distant metastases.	2
Although this patient had been exposed to several other medications more commonly associated with TEN, his long-term tolerance of and uneventful rechallenge with these medications exclude them as potential catalysts to this drug reaction.	2
Other agents known for such association are serotonin (5-hydroxytryptamine) and beta-adrenergic blockers.	2
We report two cases of F. oryzihabitans bacteraemia associated with the use of Hickman catheters for administration of the patients' chemotherapeutic agents.	2
In infants with sudded death or onset of cyanosis, appropriate toxicological and historical information should be obtained.	2
Propafenone is an effective antiarrhythmic drug used widely for the treatment of supraventricular and ventricular arrhythmias.	2
By day 8 the patient was comatose, with minimal signs of brain activity and little hope for recovery; on day 12 he died.	2
Infants, particularly neonates, are not merely small adults requiring smaller dosages, but rather uniquely different patients.	2
Woman interrupted gestation, by labour induction.	2
The association of infiltrative ophthalmopathy with primary hypothyroidism is uncommon.	2
Dexamethasone levels were measured in the serum by radioimmunoassay and shown to be lowered by o,p'-DDD therapy.	2
The diagnosis of tuberculosis was made by PCR from an open lung biopsy, while a bacterial culture was negative.	2
We report here the pharmacodynamics and pharmacokinetics of an accidental triamcinolone acetonide (TCA) overdose.	2
Although we hope the discovery of the FMF gene will allow the diagnosis of FMF to become genetically accurate, the reality is that both clinical and genetic tools must still be used together unless mutations are identified on both of a patient's chromosomes.	2
We report two male patients with Parkinson's disease who developed compulsive risk-seeking driving behaviour as a result of self-administering high doses of L-dopa despite an adequate therapeutic response at lower doses.	2
Using this approach, we observed normal haemostasis, and there were no signs of excessive postoperative bleeding or wound haematoma.	2
After this period, liposomal amphotericin B (3 mg kg(-1) day(-1)) was given with the diagnosis of probable fungal infection.	2
He failed to improve when therapy was continued with low-molecular-weight (LMW) heparin (Fragmin, Kabi Pfrimmer, Erlangen, FRG).	2
A heightened awareness of this possibility may therefore lead to recognition of more cases and further understanding of this entity.	2
RESULTS: A 13-year-old boy with cryptogenic liver cirrhosis received an orthotopic liver transplant from a deceased donor.	2
A male patient with malignant lymphoma and thyroid papillary carcinoma after pediatric renal transplantation.	2
The thrombus causing the liver infarction was detected as a low echoic mass by transesophageal echocardiography at the right coronary sinus.	2
A bone marrow aspirate and biopsy confirmed the diagnosis of AA and suggested the existence of an immunological reaction at the level of marrow.	2
Erection subsided spontaneously after 4 hours, with subsequent potency unimpaired.	2
Two years after HSCT, the patient developed nephrotic syndrome.	2
The Jarisch-Herxheimer reaction is a response to the treatment of syphilis.	2
OBJECTIVE: To report the loss of therapeutic control in 2 hypothyroid patients and remind clinical pharmacists and other healthcare professionals to remain cognizant of possible product quality differences within or bioequivalency differences between levothyroxine products.	2
The effect of varying concentrations of dextrose on the histamine content of the blood of normal, allergic, non-diabetic and diabetic, and non-allergic patients was studied.	2
The latex of Calotropis procera causes significant ocular morbidity which may be preventable by simple health education.	2
Intra-arterial adriamycin chemotherapy for bladder cancer.	2
Characterized by sterile, intra-epidermal pustules located on the palms and soles, it is highly resistant to treatment.	2
She was apparently well after drinking the first of two bowls of 'maqianzi' decoction.	2
Even though steroids are well known to be effective on managing AIA and its nasal polyps, histochemical examinations after steroid therapy and at recurrence, involving eosinophil infiltration of nasal polyps, have been less studied.	2
The children who received appropriate therapy had a favorable outcome.	2
A case report.	2
IFN-alpha was continued in only one patient.	2
We suspect that extrapyramidal signs in this case could be a result of acute brain injury because of the massive copper release from liver to the circulation just before and during LT.	2
Due to the difficulty in identifying and verifying exposures to such agents, only a few chemical compounds are clearly linked to malignancies.	2
We present and exemplify our routine test protocol for monitoring drug introduction and treatment regimen of cholinergic drugs in LEMS.	2
While a number of psychotropic agents may induce SIADH, only a few reports of tricyclic-antidepressant-induced SIADH exist.	2
The gross appearance of the tumor during surgery was typical of neurilemmoma.	2
In particular, this adverse effect has never been described with mefloquine (Lariam).	2
This report describes the utility of monitoring free SDC following Fab administration.	2
Blood glucose levels returned to normal after cessation of therapy, but dropped again following rechallenge with the drug.	2
Unusual side-effects due to clobazam: a case report with genetic study of CYP2C19.	2
The role of antiemetics is invaluable in allowing cancer patients to complete, otherwise possibly intolerable, chemotherapy.	2
Topical DMSO is a safe, inexpensive agent that appears to reduce the risk of anthracycline-induced tissue damage.	2
METHODS: A retrospective review of patients originally diagnosed with ulcerative colitis, status post colectomy and IPAA, who developed findings compatible with Crohn's disease was undertaken.	2
Granulocyte colony stimulating factor (GCSF) was administered to one patient and in another a bone marrow biopsy was performed due to persistent anemia, leukopenia, and thrombocytopenia.	2
Amisulpride and sertraline were discontinued.	2
Patients with sustained and nonsustained ventricular tachycardia may present the clinician with difficult management problems in the assessment of risk, decision for long-term treatment, and selection of appropriate therapy.	2
RESULTS: An 81-year-old man with a history of neoplasies of the colon and prostate and anticoagulant treatment was referred for treatment of an ocular surface neoplasia on his left eye.	2
This patient did not have any predisposing factors for the development of an aortic thrombus before the chemotherapy was initiated.	2
Neurologic disturbances (ataxia and prostration) were significant clinical findings.	2
CONCLUSION: CBDCA and VP-16 in combination with radiotherapy should be considered an important treatment option for SCEC.	2
Another serious complication associated with OHSS is thromboembolic events.	2
Contact with hydrofluoric acid may produce extensive tissue necrosis.	2
Cutaneous adverse reactions to 8-methoxypsoralen (8-MOP) appear to be rare and may be difficult to distinguish from phototoxicity or UV-induced polymorphic light eruption.	2
After 2 weeks' off therapy, a partial reduction in mammary gland enlargement, local pain and erythema was observed.	2
A case of pseudotumor cerebri following glucocorticoid therapy in which warfarin prevented recurrence.	2
Thus, even after a long hiatus, it may not be safe to exceed the recommended maximum cumulative dose level of adriamycin.	2
RESULTS: To date, 13 patients with chronic hepatitis B infection treated with TNF-alpha inhibitors have been reported: 11 with infliximab and 2 with etanercept.	2
He presented symptoms of fever, skin lesions consisting of multiple vesiculopapular rashes, pruritic maculae and bullae, and mucosal involvement of the eyes, lips, oral cavity, and anorectal junction.	2
Histological examination of liver biopsies showed diffuse microvesicular steatosis.	2
Squamous cell carcinoma in vitiligo lesion after long-term PUVA therapy.	2
The clinical manifestations, differential diagnosis, and treatment of the neuroleptic malignant syndrome and neuroleptic-induced catatonia are discussed.	2
Five patients have been weaned from all steroid treatment, and eight have required continued pulses at one- or two-week intervals as outpatients to maintain control.	2
BACKGROUND: Although 5-aminosalicylic acid (5-ASA) preparations used to treat inflammatory bowel disease are reported to have fewer side effects than sulphasalazine, increased clinical use of these compounds has resulted in increased reports of significant side effects.	2
Chemotherapies with QPR/DPR for S. epidermidis pneumonia and voriconazole for chronic necrotizing pulmonary aspergillosis (CNPA) improved her symptoms rapidly without any major complications.	2
However, we successfully treated the patient with the antibiotics trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole (TMP/SMX) and minocycline hydrochloride (MINO), and performed endotoxin-absorbing therapy using polymyxin B (PMX) to remove the endotoxin from Gram-negative bacillus as well as continuous hemodiafiltration (CHDF) to remove inflammatory cytokines.	2
This report highlights the fact that using amantadine and pramipexole may be fatal in patients with uremia even undergoing hemodialysis.	2
However, such a drug-induced mixed pattern of lichen planus pemphigoides with pemphigus-like features has never been reported.	2
Nevertheless, although rare and usually free of clinically significant sequelae, if contamination is by some virulent organisms such as Staphylococcus aureus, gram-negative bacilli, or fungi, severe complications may occur.	2
No other side-effects were detected.	2
Drug provocation test in patient with antituberculosis drug allergy.	2
DISCUSSION: This preliminary clinical experience suggests that the addition of caspofungin to trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole, which is active against trophic forms, may provide a synergistic activity against P. jiroveci by fully inhibiting the organism life cycle.	2
Transluminal removal of a fractured and embolized indwelling central venous catheter in the pulmonary artery.	2
Constrictive pericarditis has been defined classically as a progressive condition, characterized by pericardial fibrosis, with or without calcification, which results in chronic refractory congestive heart failure and for witch pericardiectomy is often required.	2
PURPOSE: To review the current literature on suspected green tea-related hepatic reactions and to describe two new cases reported within the framework of the Italian surveillance system of natural health products.	2
Hemostatic physiology involves a complex interlinking of blood and endothelial factors.	2
Tolerance to phenelzine and subsequent refractory depression: three cases.	2
Intractable severe bleeding from his oral mucositis necessitated treatment with a continuous infusion of 8-ornithine-vasopressin for 8 days.	2
Continuous subcutaneously administered desferrioxamine may prove to be adaptable for long-term outpatient therapy, allowing patients with ongoing transfusion requirements to go into negative iron balance.	2
Valproate, hyperandrogenism, and polycystic ovaries: a report of 3 cases.	2
Controversy exists as to whether making a definitive diagnosis in these patients has an impact on overall outcome.	2
New lesions gradually spread to the arms and trunk (Fig. 1).	2
On colonoscopy, inflammatory lesions highly compatible with CD were found endoscopically and histologically in all patients.	2
She was receiving several anti-tubercular drugs, including rifampicin, isonicotinic acid hydrazide (INH), pyrazinamide, and ethambutol, for abdominal tuberculosis.	2
Reversible coma in children after improper baclofen pump insertion.	2
Multiple cytotoxic drug administration is the generally accepted treatment of patients with a high-risk stage of choriocarcinoma.	2
Both patients (27 wk, 5 d; and 26 wk, 6 d of gestation) underwent surgical arterial duct ligation and coarctation repair.	2
New onset diabetes mellitus (DM) and diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) among patients using atypical antipsychotics is of clinical importance [1,2,5,7-10].	2
Neuropathies masquerading as an epidural complication.	2
It is widely used in rheumatologic diseases, and has a very high efficacy/toxicity ratio.	2
Phototesting with ultraviolet B (UV-B) and ultraviolet A (UV-A) radiation revealed decreased minimal erythemal doses for one or both wave bands in all patients tested.	2
The eye developed a necrotizing scleritis secondary to O. sulphureo-ochraceum.	2
A fatal outcome has been described in all reported cases of Fusarium infection occurring after bone marrow transplantation.	2
The granulomatous hepatitis occurred in the apparent absence of mycobacteria from the liver.	2
Because of her religious faith, the patient was supported without plasma therapy with use of intravenous immunoglobulin, steroids, rituximab, and erythropoietin.	2
Usually, these patients develop hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg) seroreversion during the flare.	2
The patient was successfully treated with bilateral percutaneous nephrostomy drainage.	2
Endoscopic application of photodynamic therapy for cholangiocarcinoma.	2
We also review the diagnostic and therapeutic implications of this paradoxical complication associated with treatment of bone lesions in MM.	2
Both dogs had nonspecific respiratory signs and depression.	2
Mycobacterium bovis dissemination (BCG strain) among immunodeficient Brazilian infants.	2
The pathophysiology and management of myoclonus are discussed.	2
The use of methotrexate for treatment of psoriasis in patients with HIV infection.	2
The effusion resolved after the withdrawal of the drug and the beginning of anti-inflammatory therapy; there was no relapse during a 10-month follow-up.	2
No respiratory symptoms appeared in the ten patients who were given less than 950 mg/m2.	2
Tamoxifen inhibits protein kinase C (PKC) in vitro and thus may regulate glioma cell growth by modulating intracellular signal transduction.	2
Cerebral hemorrhage from amyloid angiopathy and coronary thrombolysis.	2
Domestic dogs and cats may be another reservoir.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Severe neuroleptic sensitivity and associated deficits of cognitive speed occurred in response to a dopaminergic antagonist agent; both responded readily to withdrawal of the offending agent.	2
The immediate and short-term TKI side effects are well known, but the long-term side effects have not yet been clearly identified.	2
We report a case of fulminant MH associated with a ketoacidotic diabetic coma.	2
The cerebrospinal fluid culture, which yielded a motile Enterococcus species, was believed to originate from the gut.	2
Despite early complete paraplegia, some neurological and functional recovery was observed.	2
Clinical evaluation of SMS 201-995.	2
Ultrastructural, fluorescent, and energy-dispersive x-ray microanalysis study.	2
This was characterized by inflammatory arthritis and an urticarial and papulosquamous rash and was accompanied by high titers of antinuclear, double-stranded DNA, glomerular-binding, and histone antibodies and by reduced levels of the C4 component of complement.	2
Ventricular systolic function recovered completely by the fourth hospital day.	2
Aminoglycoside-induced renal tubular dysfunction could result in diffuse damage or manifest as a Fanconi-like syndrome, Bartter-like syndrome, or distal renal tubular acidosis.	2
In rare cases, EM presents continuous or persistent relapses, and has been related to an Epstein-Barr virus infection.	2
Hypocomplementemia and transient evidence of vasculitis suggested the presence of immunecomplexes.	2
It is suggested that special precautionary measures should be taken regarding the dose and the route while administering epinephrine to avoid mishaps.	2
SUMMARY OF BACKGROUND DATA: Several different causes of postoperative neurologic deficit have been reported in the literature.	2
The potential for fomepizole to inhibit retinol dehydrogenase, an isoenzyme of alcohol dehydrogenase essential to vision, did not appear to be clinically significant in this symptomatic methanol-poisoned patient.	2
The authors hypothesize that inhibition of glucuronidation is responsible.	2
CONCLUSION: With anti-tuberculous treatment, renal functions and visual disturbances were improved in a patient with miliary tuberculosis.	2
Herpes simplex keratitis in renal transplant recipients.	2
We present an unusual case of verified myocardial infarction without surgery.	2
High signal intensity in periventricular white matter was observed on T2-weighted magnetic resonance imaging.	2
These observations confirm that ecthyma gangrenosum may be a primary cutaneous disorder not systematically associated with bacteremia.	2
An anesthesia provider must immediately initiate treatment if bronchospasm is suspected in order to avoid negative sequelae.	2
Autoimmune hemolytic anemia associated with postirradiation malignant stromal tumor (leiomyosarcoma) of the jejunum.	2
Laboratory tests revealed cyclosporine nephrotoxicity, cytomegalovirus infection, and prediabetes.	2
Pramipexole: augmentation in the treatment of depressive symptoms.	2
At least three of these patients developed acute myelogenous leukemia (AML).	2
Laboratory tests showed creatine kinase 144600 IU/L (reference range 24-195), myoglobin >3000 ng/mL (28-72), lactate dehydrogenase 7157 IU/L (230-460), aspartate aminotransferase 1115 IU/L (10-35), and alanine aminotransferase 205 IU/L (10-35).	2
He was followed exclusively by the psychiatry service for more than a year.	2
Multicyclic dose-intensive chemotherapy supported by autologous blood progenitor cell transplantation for relapsed small cell lung cancer.	2
A healthy, young adolescent girl developed primary pneumococcal peritonitis, an infection rarely reported in this age group in North America.	2
Two cases of long term dopamine D2 receptor blockade after depot neuroleptics.	2
Acute renal failure due to crystal deposition in the urinary tract was well described 30 to 40 years ago and is likely to resurface as a clinical entity if appropriate prophylactic measures are not taken.	2
We describe a preterm infant with severe idiopathic respiratory distress syndrome (iRDS, hyaline membrane disease) who needed artificial ventilation with high inspiratory pressure, high frequencies, 100% oxygen and developed a symptomatic patent ductus arteriosus (sPDA) in the course of the disease.	2
While benign pneumatosis intestinails is a well-known clinical entity, the alarming radiographic findings set off a cascade of clinical angst among many providers.	2
Usefulness and sensitivity of the neuro-otological examination in the field of dysequilibrium of central disorder as well as peripheral vestibular disorder is emphasized.	2
Orbital cellulitis after faden operation on the medial rectus.	2
Clostridia are anaerobic Gram-positive bacilli that can be isolated from the soil and the intestinal tract of humans.	2
All seven patients were receiving INH daily for tuberculosis (TB) prophylaxis.	2
During her life the patient frequently presented catamenial MA attacks with an increasing frequency during pregnancy in particular in the second and third trimesters, and then during breast-feeding.	2
METHODS: No reports describing alcohol neurolysis of the superior cluneal nerve exist in the relevant literature.	2
We report 2 cases of AIT: in one case, amiodarone was interrupted; in the other case, amiodarone was continued because of recurrent ventricular tachycardia resistant to classical antiarrhythmic drugs.	2
Both these cases of PTLD achieved a complete response following treatment with IVIG, gancyclovir, solumedrol and interferon (IFN).	2
One wk later, after injection in the right arm, skin lesions and pruritus were seen.	2
Fatal intracerebral hemorrhage during dental treatment.	2
Myelodysplasia syndrome (MDS) presenting as spontaneous gingival hemorrhage is described.	2
A typical regimen is cytarabine 3 g/m2 iv over one to three hours q 12h for a total of 8 to 12 doses.	2
Successful treatment with partial resection of the posterior mitral valve leaflet and antibiotic therapy with cefazolin.	2
Five such patients were identified and their clinical course was reviewed.	2
Coincident with the preeclampsia was a postdural puncture headache complicating the diagnosis of late postpartum preeclampsia.	2
Multiple keratoacanthomas developed on the face of a woman after radiation therapy to the nasal sinuses.	2
PURPOSE: Small-cell esophageal carcinoma (SCEC) is a rare disease for which standard therapy has not yet been established.	2
We describe a 28-year-old woman who developed stridor, orofacial swelling, and drooling several hours after a routine dental extraction.	2
METHODS: A 40-year-old female with a 3-year history of panic disorder was prescribed fluvoxamine 50 mg day(-1) in addition to clorazepate dipotassium and sulpiride.	2
Calciphylaxis is a rare, life-threatening cause of skin necrosis.	2
The patients who were treated with Lp-TAE combined with HT had a tendency to have better survival rates than those of the Lp-TAE group (p less than 0.099).	2
Acute rehabilitation refers to the multidisciplinary rehabilitative treatment of patients in continuing need of integrated acute and rehabilitative longterm care.	2
METHOD: Case report.	2
The therapeutic significance of increased Hb F levels in homozygous beta thalassemia and sickle cell anemia is exemplified.	2
The only possible seizure-provoking factors were modest doses of lithium and chlorpromazine, which the patient was on, and family history of seizure in a brother.	2
A failure to rely on serum free levels of the anti-convulsant under these circumstances can easily result in poor clinical decisions.	2
Finally we noticed that our confusion had resulted from test tubes containing lithium heparine.	2
The characteristics of the small subgroup of chronic anorexics, in whom the risk/benefit ratio may justify such a regime, are tentatively outlined.	2
The pseudolymphoma syndrome is a reversible reactive condition consisting of fever, lymphadenopathy and generalized rash.	2
In three patients, occasional transient episodes of atrial flutter or atrial fibrillation preceded a spontaneous return to normal sinus rhythm.	2
Heart Vessels 2006;21:124?6].	2
The past medical and occupational history was negative.	2
In addition, the patients did not demonstrate evidence of hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis suppression.	2
Focal segmental glomerulosclerosis in children with acute lymphocytic leukemia: case reports and review of literature.	2
Possible mechanisms of esophageal spasm and its relief with glucagon are discussed.	2
This case report emphasizes the importance of routine vitamin D supplementation in all patients on long term cholestyramine therapy, and indicates that even in patients with small intestinal disease or resection, oral preparations of vitamin D or its metabolities and analogues may be effective.	2
We report a 56-year-old woman who was found to have bilateral pulmonary nodules four months after cardiac transplantation.	2
The evidence linking disorders of anger and impulse control to a dysregulation in neurotransmitter regulation, particularly in serotonergic pathways, supports a psychopharmacologic approach to treatment.	2
A patient with sinuatrial disease and implanted pacemaker was treated with amiodarone (maximum dose 1000 mg, maintenance dose 800 mg daily) for 10 months, for control of supraventricular tachyarrhythmias.	2
Histological examination revealed hyphae and arthrospores in the hair follicles and in the dermis with a diffuse dermal infiltrate consisting of lymphoplasmacytic cells, and focal collections of epithelioid cells, neutrophils and mild interstitial edema.	2
We discuss the limitations of conventional drug therapy and the lack of a sustained response to plasmapheresis.	2
We recommend that the immune status of these patients to varicella-zoster virus be assessed by a serum titer.	2
Rapid warfarin reversal with factor VIIa in an elderly trauma patient with retroperitoneal hematoma.	2
RESULTS: The population consisted of 11 female and 2 male patients with RA.	2
Administration of rituximab during the first trimester of pregnancy without consequences for the newborn.	2
CONCLUSIONS: The rapid resolution of this patient's symptoms after discontinuing propafenone therapy and the absence of recurrence lend credence to the probability of this effect.	2
Drug-drug interactions are an important concern, as they may increase drug toxicity and, in the case of anticoagulant therapies, increase the risk of hemorrhage.	2
A computed tomography scan revealed a large mass, 12 cm x 7 cm, involving the scalp extending from the right temporal region to the vertex.	2
Two of the authors of the recent review were expert witnesses in the trial.	2
Nephrotoxicity of selective COX-2 inhibitors.	2
Light microscopic examination of tissue sections, stained with hematoxylin and eosin and in some cases with special stains were made.	2
We describe the clinical and biological characteristics and outcome of five patients with post-HSCT MN, review the previously reported cases and discuss the pathogenic aspects of this nephropathy.	2
There were four females, 20 males, with 19 patients under the age of 18 years and five over the age of 18.	2
The patient recovered motor, sensory, and bowel and bladder function over the next 48 h.	2
It may also appear in complete remission after chemotherapy (chemotherapy-related).	2
We tested 136 unrelated patients with familial parkinsonism for SCA2 mutations.	2
The neurological symptoms and signs were headaches, right quadrant hemianopia, dyslexia without agraphia, motor aphasia, numbness in and weakness of the right upper extremity, papilloedema and coma.	2
Acute rehabilitation was complicated by a large defect of the abdominal wall and significant critical illness polyneuropathy.	2
Two case reports and their theoretical implications.	2
Her case was complicated by social and behavioral issues.	2
INTERVENTIONS: Treatment with clonazepam.	2
Facial soft tissue augmentation has been performed using different materials.	2
Progressive outer retinal necrosis presenting with isolated optic neuropathy.	2
On examination, multiple erythematous and brownish hyperkeratotic papules were seen in both axillae.	2
These cases were compared with those attributed to anthracyclines and taxanes.	2
Hypersensitivity reactions involving the kidneys can occur with any of the penicillin groups.	2
Repeat standardized neurodevelopmental assessments (Peabody and Griffith scales) at 13 and 19 months were normal and magnetic resonance spectra no longer detected the previously observed lipid resonance.	2
The aetiology is currently unknown, and treatment difficult, with a poor response to antihistamines.	2
A biopsy was performed and evidence from light microscopic analysis of the tissue led to a diagnosis of TEN.	2
Local ILP toxicity appeared with extensive edema and common peroneal neurologic impairment including paresis that remained severe 10 months later.	2
These enzymes may be associated with toxic reactions of differing frequency and severity.	2
Angioimmunoblastic lymphadenopathy with dysproteinemia (AILD) is a primary lymphoproliferative T-cell disorder, currently classified as a peripheral T-cell non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.	2
The median latent period was 9.5 hours (range 4 to 24 hours) with a delay to medical consultation of 36 hours (range 6 to 48 hours), and a median serum methanol concentration of 1.4 g/L (range 0.19 to 3.62 g/L).	2
Early detection of these cases has practical importance since the identification and elimination of the causative drug is essential for therapy success.	2
If the facial scar is a cosmetic problem 1 year after the injury, triamcinolone injections and local massage should be considered.	2
Following therapy with AmBisome his symptoms abated and significantly improved scan picture was seen.	2
This case report illustrates that bronchiectasis may greatly improve after treatment with azithromycin and no longer needs to be considered an endstage finding in patients with severe BOS.	2
As with steroids given by other routes, raised intraocular pressure and cataract may occur.	2
Asthmatic individuals are one of the higher risk groups suffering from dental erosion.	2
In vitro studies using 3H-thymidine uptake and dual parameter flow-cytometric analysis of DNA and proliferating cell nuclear antigen showed that leukemic blast cells in S phase were increased after incubation with G-CSF.	2
Atopic cataracts versus steroid cataracts.	2
At laparotomy, the mass was located in the right broad ligament with a fibrous stalk connecting to the uterus.	2
She was transferred to an inpatient psychiatric hospital, where she was taken off risperidone.	2
The deposits were bilateral, yellow-white colored, stellate, and mainly peripheral.	2
The ulcers slowly healed with local therapy, but two patients required dose modification of the pegylated interferon alfa-2b and one patient required treatment withdrawal.	2
Two patients with ovarian carcinoma developed acute erythroleukemia following prolonged chemotherapy with an alkylating agent.	2
In the early postoperative period, pulmonary thromboembolism was suspected and confirmed by lung perfusion scintigraphy which showed bilateral segmental and subsegmental perfusion defects.	2
This case may start a debate on the susceptibility of central nervous system tumors following chemotherapy in patients with ITO.	2
Photo-onycholysis may follow the use of various medications or may occasionally be idiopathic.	2
A range of adverse effects have been reported, including neuropsychiatric reactions in patients known to be taking recommended doses.	2
It is used alone or in combination with other lipid-lowering agents in the treatment of various forms of hypercholesterolemia.	2
Diagnosis, treatment, observation and outcome of fetal supraventricular tachycardia in a twin pregnancy.	2
Leukopenia during thiopurine therapy not explained by TPMT deficiency could be induced by parvovirus B19 infection and compels temporal but not permanent cessation of thiopurine therapy.	2
The authors discuss the implications of these findings.	2
PURPOSE: Considerations in selecting antithrombotic and antiplatelet therapy for patients with non-ST-segment elevation (NSTE) acute coronary syndrome (ACS), including patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI), are discussed, and case studies are used to illustrate.	2
The variation among different diagnostic criteria makes this syndrome a challenging diagnosis at times, in particular when atypical antipsychotics are suspected as the causative agent.	2
Three and a half years after cessation of any medical treatment he developed anemia, thrombocytopenia and a diagnosis of acute lymphocytic leukemia (ALL) was made.	2
These instances have led to a recent warning letter to physicians and a change in the prescription labeling of tegaserod.	2
However, like alcohol, their use can sometimes be a significant part of a dependence problem.	2
Neurologic symptoms were usually absent, but 49% of the patients developed adult respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS).	2
Test and teach.	2
Cutaneous side effects caused by interferon are well known.	2
Besides, failure to thrive, increased bone fragility resulting in frequent fractures and recurrent bone infections are the other characteristic features.	2
A seven-year-old boy with acute lymphoblastic leukemia received vincristine sulphate 1 mg, 1 ml intramuscularly, into his glutea, inadvertently, in the local hospital.	2
The hyperglycemia once again resolved with discontinuation of the drug.	2
Neuroleptic-induced panic attacks in a patient with delusional depression.	2
Multiple periarticular abnormalities appearing on serial radionuclide bone scanning of the cancer patient, particularly when symmetric and in a distribution not suggestive of osseous metastatic disease, raise the possibility of multifocal osteonecrosis.	2
No severe side effects were observed in the liver, kidney, blood or the eyeground.	2
Only papers published in English were reviewed.	2
The patients were followed up for an average of 32 months (range 16-75 months).	2
CONCLUSIONS: Findings in our patient strongly suggest that a secondary inflammation reaction caused by the destruction of the cysts might have enhanced the process of endarteritis.	2
Even in typical cases PPG is often misdiagnosed and therefore wrongly treated; the unknown aetiology makes treatment difficult.	2
A case study is included to illustrate the dangers of inappropriate naloxone use.	2
WE is attributable to thiamine (vitamin B1) deficiency.	2
Aluminum overload can have a detrimental effect on erythropoiesis which, in turn, can blunt the effectiveness of Epoetin alfa.	2
His counterpart would not order a CT but would check a baseline chest x-ray if there were any sign of pulmonary compromise (Dr.	2
She subsequently haemorrhaged into the infarcted area with residual neurological deficits.	2
A diagnosis of pustular psoriasis was made clinically and histologically.	2
Surgery and anaesthesia were uneventful and she gained good symptomatic relief.	2
Early deaths with thrombolytic therapy for acute myocardial infarction in corticosteroid-dependent rheumatoid arthritis.	2
Extensive necrosis of normal tissues was a prominent feature and it is suggested that the action of radiation in combination with cytostatic therapy on normal tissues need further investigation.	2
After discontinuation of the treatment, gradual decline of bone mineral density at lumbar and femoral sites was detected with serial DEXA measurements.	2
Clevudine (L-FMAU) is a thymidine l-nucleoside analogue that was recently introduced for the treatment of chronic hepatitis B virus infection.	2
During the epidemic period, 43% of the S typhimurium isolates submitted to the Arizona Department of Health Services were resistant to chloramphenicol, and 80% of these possessed the same plasmid resistance.	2
Central venous catheter (CVC)-related infections were most frequent (n = 20) followed by otitis externa (n = 6) and pneumonia (n = 5).	2
Patients not treated with hemodialysis have increased morbidity and significant prolongation of their hospital course.	2
Benign thymic hyperplasia after chemotherapy for acute myeloid leukemia.	2
There has been relatively good organ growth and function during this short follow-up period.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Our analysis of the published case reports suggests a causal association between green tea and liver damage.	2
No organisms could be grown by culture of corneal scrapings for bacteria and fungi, and the condition failed to respond to topical therapy.	2
An Enterobacter species was cultured from an intraoperative swab.	2
Recovery from the side effects was complete 4 months after the last 5-FU treatment.	2
This procedure appears to be a simple, safe, and effective method for closure of a small conjunctival break.	2
Computed tomography revealed thickening of the terminal ileum wall and paralytic ileus.	2
Myoclonus and EEG bursts were both spontaneous and stimulus induced.	2
All patients showed marked improvement clinically, endoscopically, and histologically.	2
Lead poisoning and recurrent abdominal pain.	2
A thorough examination at the hospital gave no evidence of underlying diseases that could explain the reaction.	2
Polymerase chain reaction analysis of the serum showed dramatic decreases in the viral DNA copy number and revealed large viral concentrations prior to the skin manifestations.	2
After 46 days of treatment, radiography showed cortical hyperostosis of the long bones.	2
Most of the patients had acute leukemia (AL) or related disorders and had received chemotherapy treatment.	2
The panoramic radiograph showed radiopaque material in the inferior alveolar canal region, with an extension from the left canine to the second premolar.	2
Thirteen patients highly allergic to mechlorethamine hydrochloride showed no cross-sensitivity to nitrosourea compounds.	2
Effect on levels of intercellular antibodies in pemphigus vulgaris.	2
The detection rates were fluoxetine, 48.8% (20/41); tricyclics, 5.8% (3/52); RBD, 4.3% (3/70); objectively normal sleepers, 3.3% (1/30); PLM, ST/SW, 0% (0/82).	2
This may be related to individual variations in cerebrospinal fluid dynamics and drug metabolism.	2
After 48 hours, improvement in the patient's respiratory symptoms allowed transfer to the ear, nose, and throat unit, where daily endoscopic examination was performed.	2
Definite regression of the tumors was observed.	2
Perhaps more importantly, this study suggests that DPOAEs may have the potential to predict the earliest stages of progressive hearing loss before such changes are seen in audiometric thresholds.	2
A biopsy specimen showed neutrophilic panniculitis.	2
The case suggests that mechanical valve replacement may not prevent gastrointestinal bleeding in Heyde syndrome and that octreotide treatment should be considered in these cases.	2
A 47-year-old woman received an allogeneic bone marrow infusion because of chronic myeloid leukemia.	2
We reviewed the literature for similar cases of aortoiliac thrombosis in newborns; some were managed by medical means, others by operation.	2
The intense stimulation of B lymphocytes and decreased T lymphocyte activity in asbestos-exposed populations may result in development of B-cell malignancies.	2
Myeloma screen was negative; ANC >1,000 at day +7, platelets >50,000 at day +24.	2
The present report describes four cases of this association in which tamoxifen had been administered to all of the patients.	2
However, the magnitude of such false positivity has not been previously reported.	2
Treatment of periocular capillary hemangioma with topical clobetasol propionate.	2
CONCLUSION: This report shows thatimmune-mediateddiabetes mellitus can occur as a late complication of alfa-interferon therapy.	2
While mortality from trauma increases, there has been a decline in mortality from cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases which parallels advances in antithrombotic and anticoagulation therapy.	2
Despite optimal response of the cutaneous lesions to treatment, the disease progressed and the patient died from infectious complications eight months after the appearance of the tumors.	2
At autopsy he was found to have multiple hepatocellular neoplasms.	2
Development of rickets in association with parenteral nutrition is described in four premature infants having gestational ages of 26-31 wk.	2
We suggest the use of esmolol for treatment of dysrhythmias secondary to caffeine toxicity; to the best of our knowledge, the use of esmolol has not been reported for this purpose.	2
Cefoxitin should either be used with great caution or not prescribed in combination with aminoglycoside antibiotics.	2
Central serous chorioretinopathy associated with inhaled or intranasal corticosteroids.	2
Both of the Campylobacter jejuni isolates were resistant to cotrimoxazole and ciprofloxacin.	2
The embolization of a venous catheter fragment is a rare complication.	2
Prosthetic joint infection is an infrequent but serious complication of total joint arthroplasty.	2
Differences were found in the categories of seriousness and outcome of the reported ADRs between patients and healthcare professionals.	2
Right atrial thrombus and recurrent pulmonary emboli secondary to permanent cardiac pacing--a case report and short review of literature.	2
Further study to confirm this significant finding and to determine if the long term prognosis of BP can be altered by the drug, is required.	2
A 24-year-old woman with ALL developed severe epigastric pain 168 days after CBSCT, followed by blistering eruptions 2 days later.	2
No recurrence was seen during the follow-up period (3 and 4.5 years).	2
Bronchospasm induced by cardiopulmonary bypass.	2
Immunoprecipitation analysis revealed a band with the molecular weight of the Band 3 anion channel only in the presence of the patient's serum and oxaliplatin.	2
EGFR-targeted therapy and related skin toxicity.	2
The relevant literature is reviewed and supports the claim that the lithium ion may be nephrotoxic.	2
Thiazide diuretic therapy and chronic photosensitivity.	2
Infection and inflammation in patients on dialysis: an underlying contributor to anemia and epoetin alfa hyporesponse.	2
Little experience exists with this drug in the pediatric population, however.	2
Nevertheless, the symptoms often go unrecognized and patients remain undiagnosed for years, not receiving the highly efficacious colchicine therapy; their histories often include multiple laparotomies, laparoscopies, and psychiatric evaluations.	2
Antimycobacterial treatment, which led to a dramatic improvement within two months, was protracted for 18 months until the complete return to normal of both clinical and laboratory findings.	2
A diode laser was used as an effective and safe method to remove the patient's overgrown gingival tissue.	2
Results of all studies for Cushing's syndrome were normal and remained so 1 year later.	2
(2) In 8 out of 13 cases without recombinant human EPO treatment before PTX, a 10% increase in RBC was observed after PTX.	2
CONCLUSION: We review the literature of reported cases of primary osteogenic sarcomas of the skull to discuss the common clinical presentation, evaluation methods, and recommended treatment plans.	2
Radiation recall resolved spontaneously with withdrawal of gemcitabine.	2
Osteomyelitis of the fibula due to septic embolism: a rare complication of a graft enteric erosion.	2
Warfarin was discontinued and restarted at 7.5 mg/wk.	2
Practical aspects of 3,4-diaminopyridine treatment of the Lambert-Eaton myasthenic syndrome.	2
The patient had advanced malignant mesothelioma and all other methods of pain control had been unsuccessful.	2
Altered drug pharmacokinetics should be considered as an important metabolic consequence of subtotal gastrectomy.	2
However, its specific role in our patient remains uncertain.	2
Since July 1985, 23 patients have been entered into a phase I/II clinical trial using intraarterial 5-bromodeoxyuridine (BUdR) (400-600 mg/m2 daily for 8.5 weeks) and focal external beam radiotherapy (59.4 Gy at 1.8 Gy daily in 6.5 weeks) in the treatment of malignant gliomas (Kernohan grades 3 and 4).	2
Still, our data suggest that ethnic background is an important predictor of finding 1 of the presently known mutations, and the knowledge of ancestries atypical for FMF can suggest the diagnosis of other hereditary periodic fever syndromes.	2
Clinical manifestations range from asymptomatic to fulminant in nature.	2
Prolongation of the prothrombin time after organophosphate poisoning.	2
CASE: A multipara with a twin gestation presented with premature labor at 31 weeks.	2
In addition, not enough controlled clinical trials have yet been conducted.	2
There is likely to be increasing pressure on pediatricians and other health professionals to prescribe HBO(2).	2
The bite site included hand (52%), foot (36%), leg (7%), and arm (5%).	2
The diagnostic validity of the case is discussed, and some possible explanations of the favourable response to lithium are mentioned briefly.	2
At the time of diagnosis, an esophageal fistula was observed and treated with cyanoacrylate.	2
Sildenafil should be considered in the treatment of PLE after the Fontan procedure.	2
Ehrlichiosis, a tickborne illness transmitted by tick vectors Amblyomma americanum and Ixodes scapularis, can be acquired in endemic areas.	2
L-asparaginase was given subcutaneously on alternate days for four weeks and was well tolerated.	2
The patient died 5 months after MAHA was diagnosed.	2
This prompted a study of the effect of an eight week course of haloperidol (HAL) followed by two week withdrawal, on dopaminergic neurons of the substantia nigra in rats.	2
After stereotactic aspiration of the abscess, successful treatment was achieved by triple therapy with trimethoprim sulfamethoxazole (TMP/SMX), ceftriaxone and amikacin.	2
In contrast, other common agents for the most part trigger cutaneous inflammation.	2
CASE REPORT: 1.5 years after resection, hyperfractionated radiotherapy and chemotherapy of an anaplastic ependymoma in the right parietal region, the cranial MRI of an 11-year-old girl showed multiple small contrast-enhanced lesions in the frontal cortex.	2
Purine analogs are effective in the treatment of several chronic lymphoproliferative disorders (CLPD) including hairy cell leukemia (HCL).	2
With increasing administration of acetylcholinesterase inhibitors for patients with Alzheimer's disease, practitioners should be aware of the potential for drug-drug interactions and other complications.	2
Fungal septicaemia is a serious and potentially fatal condition.	2
The patient developed neurologic signs and symptoms including disorientation, oculomotor defects, ataxia and multifocal myoclonus during both attempts at HAI.	2
Nevirapine is a non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor used in the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)-infected patients and in post-exposure prophylaxis.	2
Its pharmacological manipulation invariably impacts at multiple molecular sites.	2
The patient developed tonic-clonic seizures, which resolved with diazepam and midazolam therapy.	2
Despite intensive hemodialysis and other supportive therapy, he developed multiple organ failure (liver, renal, and respiratory failure) and metabolic acidosis.	2
An early asymptomatic recurrence was observed in three patients 49 to 53 days after the initial diagnosis.	2
In 20 percent of affected individuals (9 percent of the total), sensory symptoms preceded the onset of the movement disorder, causing difficulty in diagnosis.	2
Combination antimalarial therapy is being explored to delay development of resistance to falciparum malaria.	2
Adalimumab belongs to the group of tumour necrosis factor-alpha inhibitors and has been approved for the treatment Crohn's Disease since 2007.	2
Neuroleptic malignant syndrome and serotonin syndrome in the critical care setting: case analysis.	2
Retroauricular incisions can be associated with complications, including cerebrospinal fluid leak and shunt infection.	2
We identified NAT2*6/*7 in one patient, and NAT2*6/*5 in the other, suggesting that both were slow acetylator phenotypes.	2
Nocardiosis in a patient with primary anti-phospholipid syndrome.	2
A rechallenge 3 months later caused similar pulmonary symptoms, confirming the association between the drug and the respiratory system.	2
Possible long-term teratogenic effect of isotretinoin in pregnancy.	2
Trichosporon mucoides fungemia in a liver transplant recipient: case report and review.	2
He received 174 gm of intravenous calcium for total of 12 days.	2
Clinically, the data are suggestive of the need to assimilate HRT to the natural circadian cortisol rhythm and not restrict it to the active part of the day.	2
Chest radiographs and computed tomographic findings showed a mass in the right upper lobe and effusion.	2
Our second patient had a 2-year history of asthma prior to the onset of rippling muscles which preceded the myasthenic symptoms by 4-8 weeks.	2
Serum antinuclear antibodies were positive (1:640 speckled pattern), and anti-double-stranded DNA was positive (1:80); moreover, positivity of anti-extractable nuclear antigen was observed.	2
Treatment with diuretics and catecholamine products showed almost complete recovery from CHF in 3 weeks.	2
Our findings suggest the presence of coinfection with at least 2 different strains of CMV rather than induction of mutations after ganciclovir therapy.	2
Milnacipran was administered at 50 to 150 mg/day, and the dose at 12 weeks or at the time the drug was stopped was 85.0 +/- 31.3 mg/day.	2
Long-term continuous SMS 201-995 treatment has achieved useful symptomatic improvement in diarrhoea in 4 patients with metastatic VIPomas who had relapsed following previous treatment.	2
Mitomycin C is a powerful antineoplastic agent.	2
This observation illustrates that the pharmacological activation of the parathyroid CaR and other putative CaR on bone cells by calcimimetics did not protect against the occurrence of hypercalcemia of immobilization favored by a severe HPTH-II in a hemodialysis patient.	2
In late 2000, pulmonary symptoms developed.	2
There were some temporal periods of good tolerance between these episodes.	2
Three patients are presented in whom life-threatening cardiac arrhythmias dominated the clinical presentation.	2
Tamoxifen, the first clinically available SERM, was developed in 1966 and approved by the FDA (United States Food and Drug Administration) in 1978.	2
In the last decades there have been reports describing a transient form of constrictive pericarditis, which resolves without surgical therapy.	2
Liposomal amphotericin B was prescribed at the standard dose of 5 mg/kg/day; however, amphotericin B deoxycholate 5 mg/kg was inadvertently administered (usual dose of the deoxycholate formulation is 0.5-0.8 mg/kg/day).	2
Obstruction from such a cause may be prevented by including non-constipating antacids, stool softeners or sorbitol.	2
METHODS: The patient underwent ocular examination.	2
Cytostatic extravasation via central catheter is an uncommon complication in clinical practice.	2
In December 1998, he applied to our clinic for a follow-up examination.	2
A difference in chemical structure between these two drugs, particularly of a sulfur moiety, may help explain why the drug-induced disease did not recur.	2
The infiltrate slowly resolved with topical antibiotics, and the best corrected visual acuity improved to 20/20.	2
Swab of punctured vesicles demonstrated HSV type II by polymerase chain reaction.	2
Substitution of olanzapine with aripiprazole further exacerbated the problem.	2
On the basis of these findings, a therapeutic approach to patients with drug-induced psychosis in PD is suggested.	2
We report a protocol in which anticonvulsant agents are discontinued before discharge from our neonatal unit.	2
Blood cultures were positive for Agrobacterium yellow group.	2
Cardial and respiratory function was compromised and intubation was necessary.	2
A case of ovarian endodermal sinus tumor diagnosed during pregnancy.	2
Despite significantly reduced plasma insulin concentrations, glucose tolerance did not deteriorate.	2
An issue under much clinical debate is whether treatment with two antipsychotic agents simultaneously is advantageous for optimizing response in patients whose previous monotherapy with antipsychotic agents has failed.	2
At that time, the viral load was of 4.84 Log and the CD4 count was more than 250 cells/mm(3).	2
Stellate ganglion block is utilized in the diagnosis and management of various vascular disorders and sympathetically mediated pain in the upper extremity, head and neck.	2
They recovered within three and four weeks, respectively, with complete remission of the radiologic abnormalities and had an uneventful follow-up after discharge.	2
When a GEE is encountered, a rigorous management is required to prevent septic embolism.	2
When patients with PNH are infected by PVB19, they may show severe neutropenia and mild thrombocytopenia in addition to severe reticulocytopenia.	2
The present case suggests that acute exacerbation of hepatitis can occur with steroid-free regimen.	2
We describe a 58-year-old female patient with end-stage renal disease who 7 years after the onset of dialysis presented with pain and movement restriction of various joints.	2
Histoplasma capsulatum (HC) is a thermally dimorphic ascomycete that is a significant cause of respiratory infections (>80%) in endemic areas (Midwest and southeast USA), but infections are rare in non-endemic areas.	2
Specific antiinfectious therapy together with cyclosporine and dexamethasone may be a therapeutic approach.	2
The aim of this current paper is to address this knowledge gap via four brief case examples and a review of the literature.	2
The predisposing factors for toxicity are hypoalbuminemia, chronic renal failure, hepatic dysfunction and drugs which interfere with phenytoin metabolism.	2
At present, both patients are in the NYHA class I state and are ready to return to work.	2
None of the patients had a previous history of glaucoma, ocular hypertension or IOP asymmetry and the IOP was as high as 30, 34, 46, and 50 mmHg in the four patients.	2
Tuberculosis can involve multiple organ systems concurrently.	2
Inferior oblique paresis, mydriasis, and accommodative palsy as temporary complications of sinus surgery.	2
She presented with fever and mild hepatic enzyme elevations before salicylate therapy was instituted.	2
We describe the case of a girl with APECED, who presented with four endocrine (hypoparathyroidism, Addison's disease, hypothyroidism, gonadal failure) and three non-endocrine components (candidiasis, ectodermal dystrophy and lichen ruber planus).	2
Intestinal wall thickness, evaluated by ultrasound, is an important prognostic factor which could act as a guide to surgical indication.	2
A successful vascular procedure was achieved with full heparinization without subsequent thrombocytopenia or thrombotic or hemorrhagic complications.	2
Before treatment thyroid function tests were normal and anti-thyroid (anti-thyroglobulin and anti-thyroid peroxidase) Abs were negative.	2
The clinical and allergologic features of this case strongly suggest type IV hypersensitivity.	2
The precise role of testosterone in regulating mood, especially in alleviating depression, remains unclear although converging evidence indicates that androgens may exert antidepressant action.	2
After 2 months, her mental status and neurologic status had recovered completely.	2
Liver biopsy showed cholestasis with both cytological and architectural alterations of interlobular bile ducts.	2
The patient was treated medically with conventional amphotericin during the first episode.	2
Severe disease activity and complications of immunosuppressive therapy: a challenge for acute hospital-based rehabilitation in rheumatology.	2
Although renal function showed gradual improvement after seven days of anuria, the recovery was slow and incomplete.	2
This would suggest that botulinum toxin is a safe and effective first line treatment for palatal tremor.	2
We suggest ways to minimize this risk.	2
This is the first reported case to our knowledge of successful use of maternal ganciclovir to treat intrauterine CMV infection in a pregnant renal transplant recipient.	2
The timolol was discontinued, and the patient's heart rate increased.	2
Itraconazole is a widely prescribed triazole antifungal drug, often given for long periods.	2
During the follow up period we did not observe residue or recurrence of the ptosis.	2
This sequence of events, i.e., cause and effect, has been referred to as the "holiday heart" syndrome.	2
Reflex sympathetic dystrophy syndrome (RSDS), which probably has a multifactorial etiology, may appear after kidney transplantation.	2
There were gross functional lesions of the cardiovascular, renal, and neuromuscular systems with no structural abnormalities.	2
In both patients therapy with high dose acyclovir, 10 mg/kg q8h, intravenously, was instituted based on clinical presentation.	2
Histopathology examination of the excised flap demonstrated numerous Acanthamoeba cysts in tissue sections.	2
The cessation of angiographic leakage on FA was achieved in all eyes (100%) after IVB, however the hypofluorescent line delineating the margin of the neovascular tissue appeared in ICGA seemingly according to the contraction of mCNV.	2
Common factors among all patients included advanced age and use of a high-dose regimen.	2
Moreover, the presented cases serve as a link in a spectrum of hepatic disorders recently recognised to be caused by environmental agents such as vinyl chloride, arsenic, and thorotrast, and by contraceptive and anabolic steroids.	2
We report a case of anterior uveitis after small-incision cataract surgery due to an intraocular ointment base.	2
Chronic, low-grade endophthalmitis after cataract surgery with intraocular lens (IOL) implantation is often unresponsive to antibiotic therapy, probably because of low drug penetration into the capsular bag.	2
CONCLUSION: Ushaar latex is capable of penetrating the corneal stroma and inducing permanent loss of endothelial cells.	2
Analysis of his cerebrospinal fluid showed a decrease in loosely-bound (catalytic) iron and increase in loosely-bound (catalytic) copper, total iron and products of lipid peroxidation, with values approaching normal as the symptoms resolved.	2
Neutropenic enterocolitis, or typhlitis, is an unusual acute complication of chemotherapy-induced neutropenia, characterized by inflammatory process involving colon and/or small bowel that may progress to necrosis, haemorrhage, perforation and septicaemia.	2
The literature pertaining to sex hormones and their role in affecting periodontal disease is reviewed.	2
Lymphomatoid granulomatosis developed in a patient with pemphigus vulgaris who had been undergoing immunosuppressive therapy for three years.	2
We recommend the use of benzodiazepin as a premedication drug to reduce stress during dental treatment.	2
A patient with chest pain was found to have obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.	2
Three of the seven subjects showed marked improvement in behaviour, with NPI scores dropping significantly over time.	2
SSRIs and fentanyl are commonly co-administered, especially in the setting of chronic or malignant pain, as underlying depression may contribute to the pathogenesis of pain.	2
Because neurologic toxicity is becoming more recognized and DPD affects the catabolism of 5-FU, we discuss management issues and the use of new DPD inhibitors.	2
His serum potassium level normalized despite continuation of the prednisone therapy.	2
Twenty days after cessation, cortisol concentrations were undetectable again.	2
Alternaria is a very common and saprophytic fungus.	2
All-trans retinoic acid (ATRA) has been used successfully in inducing remission in patients with acute promyelocytic leukemia (APL).	2
Early detection of such hearing loss is important for providing management options.	2
An indirect immunofluorescence test for ANCA was positive.	2
Little is known about the prevalence of genotypes and implications for screening in children.	2
OBJECTIVE: To report a case of successful outpatient carboplatin desensitization in a pediatric patient with bilateral optic glioma.	2
A clinical and microbiologic response occurred when anticoagulation therapy with heparin was added to the treatment regimen.	2
Most often, it is tolerated well.	2
Laparoscopic surgery is inappropriate in patients with malignant ascites or when preoperative or intraoperative findings are suggestive of ovarian cancer.	2
Laboratory studies yielded substantially increased serum procollagen III levels and anticardiolipin antibodies accompanied with anti-beta(2) glycoprotein I, findings not previously described with this disorder.	2
The gastrointestinal arterial bleeding from the penetrating aneurysm presented a life-threatening situation.	2
Five of the patients received no radiotherapy.	2
Reversible treatment-related leukoencephalopathy.	2
The patient's lymphocytes showed no proliferative response to zomepirac.	2
No flares were observed either in clinical symptoms or in laboratory examinations during pregnancy or after delivery.	2
The neurological symptoms resolved completely within 72 h.	2
After prolonged recovery periods, only mild neurological deficits persisted in both patients.	2
Test results from a skin biopsy specimen were consistent with a drug reaction.	2
Although dipyridamole perfusion imaging has a good safety record, serious side-effects may rarely occur.	2
Hysteria scores on the MMPI were found to be related significantly to self-reported effects under both the drug and placebo conditions.	2
None of the patients had loco-regional recurrence.	2
In five of these cases the episode began after an unusually large dose, in three after a therapeutic one with a latency of about 24 hours.	2
Serial radiographic observation over two months.	2
After 14 days of anticoagulant therapy with UFH, the regimen was changed to low molecular weight heparin (LMWH; Fraxiparin 0.3; 2850 IU anti-X activity/d s.c.; bw 60 kg).	2
His medical history was significant for 5-FU bolus injections for intestinal cancer since May 1998.	2
Thus, t(4;11)(p12;q23) with MLL and FRYL involvement represents a new recurring 11q23 translocation, to date seen only in therapy-related acute leukemias.	2
Pulsed-field gel electrophoresis (PFGE) was used to determine whether the isolated microorganisms were the same.	2
This case serves to highlight that rheumatic disease patients on steroids should be screened for GIO, as effective treatment and preventive measures are available.	2
The foreign body of a glue plug offers an ideal surface for bacterial colonization which becomes a reservoir for continuous bacterial dissemination.	2
Tuberculosis post-liver transplantation: a rare but complicated disease.	2
Percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) is routinely performed in patients with non-ST elevation acute coronary syndromes after pretreatment with clopidogrel and periprocedural administration of unfractionated heparin on a weight-adjusted basis.	2
The patient experienced pain relief after the first application.	2
Calciphylaxis (calcific uremic arteriolopathy) is a severe complication of hemodialysis characterized by subcutaneous calcification of the small arteries and tissue necrosis.	2
Most patients (75%) developed the syndrome 6 to 12 months after starting chemotherapy, and 60% were in remission.	2
A 55-year-old woman received 2 cycles of therapy with cisplatin 100 mg/m2 without difficulty.	2
S-1 was safely administered in outpatients and showed some efficacy in the treatment of recurrent/metastatic head and neck cancer in patients who had received previous chemotherapy.	2
The dog was treated with a combination of systemic antifungals and weaning off immunosuppressants and made a complete recovery.	2
This case showed a remarkable granulomatous reaction in association with tumor elimination.	2
Although rare, massive pulmonary embolus must be considered to be a major risk of thrombolytic therapy for deep venous thrombosis.	2
Five had acute lymphoblastic leukaemia (ALL) (one bcr/abl positive), six had acute myeloid leukaemia (AML) with immunophenotype and/or cytogenetic intermediate-high risk features, except one patient with acute promyelocytic leukaemia (APML).	2
Two adverse effects were reported: 1 case of reversible urinary retention and 1 case of deficiency of the dorsiflexor muscles of the foot.	2
Drug-induced aseptic meningitis (DIAM) is commonly seen with nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDS), antibiotics (with TMP/SMX being the most frequently implicated), intravenous immunoglobulins and OKT3 antibodies.	2
Definitive diagnosis was obtained after a mean period of 4.5 weeks (range, 12 days-8 weeks) from onset.	2
It is important to always review the medications the patient is taking and consider them as etiological culprits in any new symptom complex.	2
Laboratory evaluation ruled out the most common causes of fulminant hepatitis.	2
The overall rate of avascular necrosis in Crohn's disease was less than 0.5% but for men with Crohn's disease was about 1%.	2
Neurological examination revealed atrophy of small hand muscles, especially in the left dorsal interossei.	2
RESULTS: Findings of HLA typing revealed positive reaction for B 51, Cw 3, DR 8, DR 11, DQ 3.	2
Clinical measures and outcomes were recorded prospectively.	2
Post-transplant lymphoproliferative disorder following cytomegalovirus reactivation in a lung recipient.	2
We assumed this to be related to the advancing central nervous system aspergillosis.	2
In four patients the levels were > or = 18 times the upper limit of normal.	2
N. sicca should be considered as a possible pathogen in CPD-associated peritonitis.	2
RESULTS: The patient was treated with immediate corticosteroids at the time of initial diagnosis, and emergent re-exploration and debulking of the paraspinal muscles.	2
Results at 3 months an open-prospectus study of 30 cases and review of the literature.	2
Although patients have the opportunity to report ADRs in several countries, little is published in the literature about the contribution that patient reports have in practice.	2
Simultaneous scrofuloderma and intracranial tuberculomas: a rare presentation of systemic tuberculosis.	2
Neutropenic enterocolitis (NE) is a severe gastrointestinal complication in patients who undergo aggressive chemotherapy.	2
A fifth child manifested clinical and radiographic signs of rickets after presenting with hypophosphatemia, hypouricemia, and glycosuria.	2
A 73-year-old woman with rheumatoid arthritis had been treated with weekly low-dose methotrexate (MTX) for 5 years.	2
Only 1 death occurred, and most patients (57.5%) had complete resolution of their symptoms within 24 hours of presentation.	2
Acyclovir was discontinued.	2
After returning to a normal level of greater than 100,000/mm3, the patient's platelets again dropped to 1200/mm3 with readministration of rifampin.	2
A review of the literature disclosed 8 cases of this association with a fatal fulminant outcome in 5 cases.	2
One week after beginning of HAART, tacrolimus was discontinued during 18 days due Ritonavir interaction.	2
This is one of the few cases of drug-induced LAD in which the target antigen profile has been characterized, and the first in which the antigen has been shown to correspond to collagen VII.	2
After an interval of 3 months, he presented a complex pattern of nail hyperpigmentation, from combined dense horizontal and longitudinal streaks in some nails to diffuse black discoloration in others (Figure).	2
Two unusual pathological reactions to nitrofurantoin: case reports.	2
Use of somatostatin for complications occurring after liver transplantation.	2
Urine toxicology screening was negative.	2
However, significant changes in vital signs (hyper- and hypotension) and cardiac conduction abnormalities were observed in a few patients, notably in elderly patients.	2
Bronchoalveolar lavage performed 48 hours after the end of challenge exposure showed a marked increase in neutrophils (60% of total cell count).	2
Treatment modalities have been unsuccessful and the majority of patients reported have died.	2
Most patients are treated conservatively because an improvement occurs when the absolute neutrophil count rises.	2
Antitumour necrosis factor alpha (TNFalpha) antibodies have recently been used in order to treat Crohn's disease, but their effect on cholestasis in humans has not been previously described.	2
As a result, there have been several reports of children and adults on TPN who have developed WE as a result of thiamine deficiency.	2
An outbreak of multiple-drug-resistant Salmonella enteritis from raw milk.	2
The child was referred to the Hippokration General Hospital, Thessaloniki, Greece hospital with steroid-resistant NS; renal biopsy was performed, which did not show any remarkable findings and cyclosporine was administered in addition to steroid therapy.	2
Pemphigus vulgaris is a rare auto-immune blistering disease that can also be life-threatening.	2
Given the current debate about the risks of hormonal replacement therapy, more women are seeking alternative therapies for menopausal symptoms.	2
It is possible that 5-HT2 antagonism is essential for therapeutic benefit in this condition.	2
Long QTc and torsades de pointes in human immunodeficiency virus disease.	2
He died from acute leukaemia.	2
We suggest that the cause of this distressing syndrome, and ways to mitigate or circumvent it, must be discovered.	2
Irinotecan therapy in a 12-year-old girl with recurrent brain stem glioma and without functional polymorphisms in UGT1A1 activity: case report.	2
METHODS: A fully alert 83-year-old woman with disciform scar right eye (OD) and occult choroidal neovascularization (CNV) left eye (OS) experienced a progressive visual loss to 20/800 OD and 20/400 OS.	2
A 25-year-old factory worker sustained inhalation injury and 2 per cent deep burns while fighting a fire in his factory (LSI factory) which was made of new synthetic building materials.	2
RESULTS: The patient with the primary perforation was managed conservatively, while the second was subjected to immediate surgical exploration.	2
Initial hepatic function tests were strictly normal.	2
Her course was complicated by pneumonia, barotrauma, and atelectasis accompanying her moribund state.	2
Successful treatment of rhegmatogenous retinal detachment secondary to globe perforation during peribulbar injection in a case of sympathetic ophthalmia.	2
The patient's symptoms resolved with oral vancomycin and his stool C. difficile toxin became negative.	2
Maternal values were 2.4 and 4%, and infant values 20.0 and 18% in cases 1 and 2, respectively.	2
Renal biopsy of these children showed classical BMTN histology, and the renal manifestations progressed quickly; the patient in case 1 became dialysis dependent by 1 year post-bone marrow transplant.	2
Shortly after the start of surgery, he suffered an allergic reaction that, at first, was difficult to distinguish from the recognised side-effects of intrathecal diamorphine.	2
In the first 2 cases, injections were perilesional and in the other 2, intralesional.	2
Trihexyphenidyl and isoprinosine in the treatment of subacute sclerosing panencephalitis.	2
The first case of keratitis caused by Nocardia exalbida.	2
Transvaginal intratubal insemination, ectopic pregnancy and treatment by single-dose parenteral methotrexate.	2
Cannulation injury of the radial artery: diagnosis and treatment algorithm.	2
Five patients experienced increased intraocular pressure to 30 mmHg or greater which required treatment.	2
She recovered from the event without apparent chronic cardiac dysfunction.	2
The effect of regional perfusion treatment on recurrent melanoma of the extremities.	2
Although tandem scanning confocal microscopy of Acanthamoeba has been described in previous reports, Acanthamoeba keratitis has not been fully characterized with this instrument.	2
It mandates emergency open heart surgery if hemostasis is not achieved promptly.	2
Narcolepsy, paranoid psychosis, and analeptic abuse.	2
This had been given systemically during the patient's last week of life.	2
In cases of mild increments of eosinophils and if the patient is asymptomatic, there is no need to make an immediate decision.	2
A 52-year-old woman suffered from chronic active hepatitis type C and was treated with a total of 456 x 10(6) units of IFN-alpha for 23 weeks.	2
Veno-occlusive disease (VOD) of the liver is mainly described after chemo-irradiation conditioning regimens during haematopoietic stem cell transplantation (SCT) and has been sporadically reported after kidney and liver transplantation.	2
Eight months after the initiation of therapy he developed fatigue and dyspnea on exertion.	2
DESIGN: Noncomparative, interventional case series.	2
In all cases, response to corticosteroids was unsatisfactory and three of these patients ultimately died from complications that ensued from prolonged immunosuppressive therapy.	2
He relapsed a month later with Enterococcus gallinarum shunt infection, which responded to high-dose ampicillin and gentamicin therapy.	2
She had no other causes of immunosuppression.	2
Transient paralysis associated with epidural steroid injection.	2
There was a progressive increment in corneal thickness and consequent improvement in corneal transparency, curvature, and regularity.	2
One week after the termination of IFN therapy, TSH-receptor antibodies became positive and subsequently she showed Graves' hyperthyroidism.	2
In both cases, CSF pleocytosis was limited to 20 or 60 cells with variable protein and sugar values.	2
There may be a synergistic effect when corticosteroids are used in combination with chemotherapy and radiation treatment.	2
CONCLUSION: Serial amniocentesis may place patients at elevated risk for Candida chorioamnionitis and subsequent preterm delivery.	2
METHODS: Diagnostic aids included routine histology and direct immunofluorescence studies to rule out immunobullous diseases and to confirm the c-GVHD.	2
In conclusion, the present case report illustrates a novel manifestation of chronic granulomatous disease.	2
Review of the literature leads us to propose the following hypotheses: (1) that considerably increased stress-induced cortisol concentrations in critically ill patients may contribute to adverse outcomes and (2) that therapeutic suppression of the persistent and substantially elevated glucocorticoid levels in selected cases may be a beneficial therapeutic option.	2
It usually occurs in patients with impaired renal function or when allopurinol is prescribed with a thiazide diuretic.	2
In this brief report, we present case of successful cisplatin administration following two unsuccessful carboplatin desensitization attempts, and without the need for pre-treatment steroids.	2
Her initial clinical presentation suggested postoperative infection, but the inflammation continued to progress despite antimicrobial therapy.	2
Culture and cytology of lavage fluid were negative.	2
Development of hairy cell leukemia in a patient after cardiac transplantation.	2
A 14-year-old girl, dwarfed by systemic disease and long-term corticosteroid therapy, was able to discontinue prednisone and grew 6.3 cm in 11 months following 18 plasma exchanges with FFP.	2
The availability of atypical antipsychotic agents represents a significant step forward for those patients who are nonresponsive to conventional antipsychotics, offering proven efficacy, a lower risk of extrapyramidal symptoms, and improved clinical outcomes.	2
A 37-year-old female patient was diagnosed with ulcerative colitis 8 months ago and medical treatment with oral azathioprine, low-dose corticosteroids and 5-ASA was started.	2
There are a few case reports on hair loss associated with tricyclic antidepressants and serotonin selective reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), but none deal specifically with paroxetine.	2
Case report.	2
These lesions developed within the port site during the radiation treatments (11 cases) or soon after (nine cases) its completion (mean: 16 days; range: 2-35).	2
During 6 weeks of monitoring, arrhythmia did not recur.	2
To our knowledge, this is the first report of M. marinum occurring in a patient receiving infliximab.	2
All were females (age range: 43 to 73, mean = 61.7 years) and had taken quinine for leg cramps.	2
Osteonecrosis of the jaw is an uncommon consequence of biphosphonate therapy.	2
It is a dibenzothiazepine derivative and shows similarities with clozapine in that it is characterized by high 5-HT(2)-relative-to-DA(2) receptor affinity.	2
Rapid improvement of delusional depression following drug-induced seizures: case report.	2
Impulse control disorders and pathological gambling in patients with Parkinson disease.	2
Three girls, two aged 12 years and one aged 17 years with refractory localization-related epilepsy were treated on an add-on basis with tiagabine.	2
Both patients with NMS had been treated with neuroleptics, including CYP2D6 substrates.	2
But when corticosteroid eyedrops were added, there was a recurrence of the keratitis.	2
The shunt infection of the second patient was treated by replacement of the infected shunt system with a rifampin-impregnated device.	2
Corynebacterium Group JK pathogen in cerebrospinal fluid shunt infection.	2
An 8-year-old boy, treated with a short course of steroids for asthma, developed a fever with abdominal pain and a generalized vesicular rash after contact with varicella-infected classmates.	2
This case suggests that highly angiogenic tumours such as angiosarcoma may be effectively palliated using agents usually reserved for refractory Wilms' tumour, and supports the view that adult Wilms' tumour is more sensitive to such agents.	2
All four patients in this study were treated with alcohol neurolysis of the superior cluneal nerves.	2
A case of isolated Nocardia asteroides brain abscess in a kidney transplant recipient.	2
A 13-year-old girl with acute lymphocytic leukemia was treated according to the protocol of the BFM Group (BFM-95, HRG).	2
At this time (1994), esophagogram and esophagogastroscopy evidenced varicosities in the lower esophageal section (stage F1).	2
T. mucoides is a rare cause of systemic infection.	2
Patient examination 3 months after surgery revealed a large, central, full-thickness corneal infiltrate with multiple satellite lesions in the right eye.	2
Luke's-Roosevelt Hospital of the 4 study patients were reviewed and compared with those of 41 patients from a group of 537 patients concurrently admitted with a diagnosis of myocardial infarction (MI).	2
Sarcoidosis is a chronic granulomatous multisystemic disorder of unknown aetiology.	2
Results of his mycologic examination and cultures came back negative.	2
RESULTS: Dual desensitization resulted in marked improvement in her symptoms.	2
We postulate that pulmonary GVHD and pulmonary infection including aspergillosis played an important role in the occurrence of both PVOD and HUS in our patient.	2
Phytonadione 10 mg was administered subcutaneously, and warfarin was held for 3 days until her INR fell to 2.10.	2
This paper reports a case of peritonitis by Nocardia asteroides during continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis in a man who had systemic lupus erythematous and chronic renal failure.	2
The subjects were confined to female patients to exclude patients with potential prostate hypertrophy.	2
We suspect that improper technique resulted in an inadvertent administration of an intrathecal baclofen bolus.	2
Discontinuation of MMF was followed by a rapid and spontaneous rise in neutrophils in two patients.	2
A 55- year-old man had been followed for chronic hepatitis B infection for 10 years at another institution.	2
Clozapine treatment of borderline patients: a preliminary study.	2
During trimethadione treatment, impaired exocrine pancreatic function returned to normal in four of nine patients examined, and diabetes mellitus was well controlled by either diet therapy alone or oral hypoglycaemic agents in eight of 10 patients who did not need insulin before trimethadione treatment.	2
On day 23 of varenicline therapy, he received and filled a new prescription for amphetamine-dextroamphetamine and resumed his prescribed dosage (30 mg twice/day).	2
Beneficial effects of telmisartan in an HIV+ diabetic insulin-dependent patient.	2
Coexistence of hereditary angioedema and Turner's syndrome.	2
We discuss the possible role of using immunomodulating agents for the treatment of this syndrome and suggest that alternative regimens should be given special consideration especially in those critical clinical situations where supportive measures appear to be unsuccessful.	2
Optic disc swelling was resolved on high doses of intravenous steroids.	2
Disseminated toxoplasmosis with pulmonary involvement after heart transplantation.	2
Nevertheless, overdosage and intoxication are well documented.	2
Moreover, little information on the management of this easily recurring disease is available at present.	2
Testing proved a severe type IV contact allergy restricted to budesonide (group B), without cross-reactions to major corticosteroids of other groups.	2
Two patients were found to have a positive ANA at low titers, 1 of whom had histopathologic evidence of stratum malgiphian necrosis with perivascular lymphocytic infiltration on skin biopsy.	2
This treatment resulted in remission of the vasculitis.	2
However, we did not know of the previous tragedies nor had we fully understood how critical examination of some of our own earlier near misses could have made such a tragic mistake less likely to occur.	2
The patient was otherwise healthy and taking no medication.	2
CLINICAL RELEVANCE: Pancreatic neoplasms are associated with a poor prognosis, regardless of treatment modality.	2
Cutaneous lesions resolved two weeks after the drug was withdrawn and topical steroid treatment was instituted.	2
Our case suggests that the peripheral venous access was probably the portal of entry of the fungus.	2
She developed dark-red coloration on her hands, at the fourth day of treatment, which has been defined as fixed drug eruption.	2
Cytogenetic studies revealed an abnormal karyotype with deletion of the long arm of chromosome 11 (11q21) and 2 additional copies of the MLL gene attached to the short arms of chromosome 10 in 80% of the metaphase cells examined.	2
Magnetic resonance imaging brain showed features of posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome, a recognised but rare complication of hypertension in children.	2
Inhibition of cytochrome P450 seems to be an important mechanism.	2
Early neurovascular and/or neurometabolic imaging identified the location of occlusion and tissue-at-risk (DWI-PWI mismatch) in all 8 patients.	2
In each case, a surgical opinion was required.	2
We report a rare case of Acanthamoeba keratitis related to cosmetic contact lenses in both eyes.	2
The patient rapidly responded to intravenous ampicillin.	2
A fifty-five-year-old male patient underwent total laryngectomy, bilateral modified radical neck dissection, and primary voice restoration for squamous cell carcinoma of the supraglottic larynx.	2
He experienced stiffness, myalgias, and classic rippling, which was confirmed on clinical examination.	2
A 10-year-old female with atopic eczema developed eczema herpeticum after hot tub use with a friend who had "fever blisters"; herpes simplex virus was recovered from cutaneous vesicles.	2
Drug-induced rhabdomyolysis during pregnancy is extremely rare.	2
Cutaneous lichenoid eruptions can arise as a result of exogenous compound exposures.	2
Therefore doses were adapted on the 3rd day of the course.	2
Severe complications are rarely seen.	2
Exclusion of other causes strengthened this conclusion.	2
Although the patient had no symptoms 10 hours after intrathecal treatment, to prevent the possible neurotoxic effects of methotrexate, a cerebrospinal fluid exchange was performed.	2
A 53-year-old postmenopausal woman, who had a family history of cryptogenic liver cirrhosis, was diagnosed with osteoporosis, and started on the selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) raloxifene 60 mg/day orally.	2
Because new drug therapies have been developed, it is important to know the interactions between antiretroviral and antiepileptic agents.	2
Although it is usually clinically silent, such spasm occasionally causes debilitating pain that may be mistaken for more serious disorders.	2
Indirect immunoelectron microscopy showed antibody labelling in the lamina densa and sublamina densa zone.	2
An 84-year-old woman was admitted to the hospital for progressive edema and decreased urine output.	2
Botulinum toxin for palliative treatment of epiphora in a patient with canalicular obstruction.	2
This was not associated with hemorrhagic problems.	2
CONTEXT: Acute pancreatitis has been reported in a few cases treated with macrolides or glucocorticoids.	2
A TDM consultant discusses the case in the context of toxicokinetic analysis.	2
The lactic acidosis occurred in the absence of mitochondrial myopathy, hepatomegaly, or liver failure.	2
His weekly warfarin dose was increased by approximately 5%, and he was given three fecal occult blood cards.	2
Although these eight patients had shown various mental, neurological and gastrointestinal symptoms, as well as skin lesions, the diagnosis of pellagra had not been made clinically.	2
In addition to antimicrobial therapy, treatment usually involves craniotomy and excision of the abscess.	2
The vitritis episodes resolved after 2 to 9 weeks.	2
CONCLUSION: Cyproheptadine may be a useful adjunct to baclofen and benzodiazepines in the management of acute ITB withdrawal syndrome.	2
Interferon-alpha affects the immune response in post-transplant lymphoproliferative disorder.	2
Treatment with protease inhibitors in some persons infected with HIV-1 is associated with a syndrome of lipodystrophy manifesting as peripheral lipoatrophy, relative central adiposity, insulin resistance, and serum lipid abnormalities.	2
High dose methotrexate would appear contra-indicated in situations where massive tumour lysis is possible.	2
Eosinophilic cystitis is a rare and poorly understood disorder.	2
Computed tomography (CT) of the brain showed only mild right-sided hydrocephalus, and was negative for intracranial hemorrhage and intracranial mass.	2
Patient was given 4 mg of subtenon's triamcinolone acetate in the area of the nodular scleritis and had complete resolution.	2
Two patients, aged 44 and 68 years, presented with generalized seizures either witnessed or highly suspected.	2
The occurrence of treatment-related hematologic malignancies after adjuvant therapy with alkylating agents for gastrointestinal cancers, ovarian carcinoma, and breast cancer and after treatment for Hodgkin's disease, non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, germ-cell tumors, and multiple myeloma has been well documented.	2
A case report and review of the literature.	2
There was complete recovery of hair loss and the regrowth started after 12 weeks of alopecia.	2
Essential thrombocythemia is characterized by increased incidence of thrombosis with arterial event more than venous events and hemorrhagic complications.	2
In four patients the maximum ST elevation was greater than or equal to 5 mm.	2
Risks and benefits should be seriously considered before starting treatment.	2
We present a brief review of the mechanism of action of TNF-alpha antagonists and their ability to predispose to various infections including viral pneumonia by interfering with the immune response.	2
Malignant hyperthermia (MH) in humans is usually triggered by volatile anaesthetics and depolarizing muscle relaxants.	2
Herein we report the successful treatment of invasive aspergillosis with the liposomal amphotericin B (AMB) formulation, Amphotericin B Lipid Complex (ABLC).	2
Possible interactions between the putatively hyperactive dopaminergic system and corticosteroids are discussed.	2
Clinical trials have shown that atypical drugs such as sertindole do not induce EPS, are effective against negative as well as positive symptoms and do not affect cognition.	2
This case demonstrates that severe anterior uveitis may develop after LASIK and needs prompt and vigorous management for resolution.	2
They presented with circumscribed blue-grey pigmentation within acne scars confined to the back.	2
Drug-induced hepatotoxicity is an important cause of hepatocellular injury.	2
He gradually improved and his biochemical markers returned to normal.	2
Her serum total cholesterol was 515 mg/dl and triglyceride was 3378 mg/dl despite administration of 10 mg of simvastatin daily.	2
To discuss the possible mechanisms of action and highlight the potential detrimental effects of dipivefrin on palpebral conjunctiva.	2
Although it is very rare, careful monitoring and readiness for the occurrence of such a potentially lethal situation with necessary medications may prevent a fatal outcome.	2
Pacemaker pocket infection due to acremonium species.	2
The patient began her prescribed radiation therapy and 5-fluorouracil radio-sensitizing chemotherapy.	2
Monitoring of the prothrombin time for cephalosporins or the bleeding time for moxalactam is the most reliable way to prevent what may be rapid emergence of clinical bleeding in patients with renal failure.	2
The second is a case of superficial invasion of Candida in a stitch ulcer.	2
These findings suggest that GL might inhibit HIV-1 replication in vivo.	2
Cerebral Embolism Study Group.	2
We present a pediatric patient who developed cutaneous T-cell lymphoma with mycosis fungoides histology after liver transplantation.	2
After 3 months of combination therapy, LAM was stopped and ADV monotherapy was continued.	2
Unfortunately, not all patients respond to these treatments.	2
Within weeks of initiation of baclofen treatment, the hiccups ceased.	2
We believe that total cyclosporine withdrawal is feasible, but strongly recommend overlapping mycophenolate mofetil treatment with cyclosporine.	2
The presented case illustrates that a combined overdose of tricyclic antidepressants and neuroleptics enhances the possible toxic effects of each drug and especially the risk for adverse cardiac events.	2
CASE: A perimenopausal woman was treated with acetic acid for abnormal Pap smear report (cervical intraepithelial neoplasia 1).	2
Ballistic movements ceased after administration of haloperidol; both patients remained without abnormal movements thereafter.	2
Hysterectomy revealed benign endometrial megapolyps with marked stromal decidualization and edema.	2
Late-developing but self-limiting neuropsychiatric complications occurred in four patients.	2
Following, we performed a double-blind oral challenge test with drugs who results was negative.	2
The drug, widely used in gastroenterological and gynaecological practice, has not hitherto been considered neurotoxic.	2
Six months later, amiodarone treatment was reinstated due to life-threatening tachyarrhythmia; however, the patient remained euthyroid.	2
Colonoscopy revealed a Dukes Stage B colonic adenocarcinoma.	2
This is an important pitfall because, when diagnosed early, bleeding in these patients is treatable.	2
Significant bleeding from retroperitoneal hematomas is more often associated with major pelvic fractures from high energy blunt force mechanisms, and the blood loss may be tamponaded by the retroperitoneal structures if natural clotting mechanisms are intact.	2
All patients underwent radiological investigation for tumour staging and comparison with the following study in accordance with the protocol in place at our Department of Oncology and Division of Diagnostic Imaging.	2
Tetracycline-induced benign intracranial hypertension.	2
Further investigation revealed hyponatremia 112 mEq/L, low serum osmolality, high urine osmolality, normal renal function, normal adrenal and thyroid hormones, and high plasma vasopressin 40 pg/mL.	2
Both the psoriasis and the HCL cleared.	2
Although the role of antipsychotics in this situation is speculative, development of rhabdomyolysis related to hyponatremia and/or its correction should not be underestimated and should be assessed thoroughly.	2
A renal route of potassium loss was suspected, but could not be confirmed as potassium excretion did not increase although sodium excretion was augmented [basal sodium output: 56.7 mmol/24 h; phosphate treatment: 153 mmol/24 h (p < 0.05)].	2
In one of the patients, the hyperkalemia was associated with a fatal cardiac arrhythmia.	2
Three patients who received more than 1100 mg/m2 developed pulmonary symptoms with the same clinical and radiologic pattern as in the two cases with pathologic documents, and two of them died from acute respiratory failure.	2
He developed VZV reinfection without skin lesions after family exposure and influenza A was community-acquired.	2
Complete disappearance of the primary tumor and involved inguinal lymph nodes was achieved with three courses of the cis-platinum-containing chemotherapy regimen BMP administered prior to radiotherapy.	2
Ten days after withdrawal of Pentasa, he was admitted to hospital because of worsening symptoms.	2
To our knowledge, AVP following therapy with TNF-alpha antagonists has not been reported in English literature.	2
Controversy as to what constitutes a safe and effective dose of these medications still exists.	2
Antiepileptic drug hypersensitivity syndrome: in vitro and clinical observations.	2
He was treated with topical steroids with healing of the lesions, leaving only post-inflammatory hyperpigmentation.	2
RESULTS: The patient skin prick test with commercial calcitonin (Miacalcic. 50 UI/ml) was positive and negative in controls.	2
Any psychotropics of little clinical significance were then cautiously minimized.	2
Black cohosh and other herbal remedies associated with acute hepatitis.	2
An epinephrine injection was administered and the boy immediately felt better.	2
Oxaliplatin is a new platinum derivative that has significant activity in patients with metastatic colorectal carcinoma.	2
Patients were followed up clinically with slit-lamp examination for evidence of tumor disappearance or recurrence, and local and systemic side effects.	2
Fourteen days after discontinuation of G-CSF therapy his monocyte counts returned to normal levels and a marrow aspirate showed a reduction in blast cells.	2
Herein we present a woman with bilateral lower extremity rest pain and a history of chronic ergot use for migraine headaches.	2
Blood and bone marrow morphology, and the karyotype were normalised and the patient is in good health 1 yr post-transplant.	2
The use of sulfonylurea medications in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus is common.	2
The mechanisms by which these agents interact to produce prolonged hypoglycemia are complex and probably multifactorial.	2
Our experience with the two cases reported here has led us to propose guidelines for the treatment of initial PTE in a pediatric hematology unit.	2
Eleven days after TAE, he developed suppurative cholangitis and multiple organ failure.	2
He now realised that he had eaten a chocolate cake before this episode and remembered that before the first episode he had had a chocolate mousse dessert.	2
In addition, testosterone supplementation is frequently recommended for adult men with reduced libido or impotence and decreased serum levels of testosterone.	2
In cases of chronic corneal disturbance, we recommend the elimination of phosphate-buffered medications to prevent corneal calcification.	2
These mutations were not present in samples obtained during the primary CMV infection.	2
After irradiation of only the right eye, the rats were followed for several months in an attempt to determine the effects of estrogen on radiation cataractogenesis and investigate potential strain differences in this phenomenon.	2
After 36 h the hyponatremic episode improved after the infusion of hypertonic sodium chloride.	2
Pipotiazine palmitate, a long acting drug, indeed: a case report.	2
Chest wall actinomycosis in association with the use of an intra-uterine device.	2
Acute adrenal insufficiency after large-dose glucocorticoids for spinal cord injury.	2
She had been administered tacrolimus for prophylaxis of graft-versus-host reaction.	2
Probable loop diuretic-induced pancreatitis in a sulfonamide-allergic patient.	2
Compared to the normal study protocol side-effects such as renal failure were not observed probably due to sufficient fluid intake and good clinical condition prior to treatment and to the rapid and persistent ductal closure.	2
Her laboratory findings were as follows: platelet count 1000/ mm3 hematocrit 39%, WBC 7300/mm3 and RBC 466 x 10(4)/mm3.	2
PTX (800 mg d-1) and vit-E (1000 U d-1), orally administered daily for 18 months, were well tolerated.	2
The patients' median age was 21.5 years (range 16 to 53 years) with a median SAPS II of 14 (range 12 to 84) and an APACHE II of 8 (range 6 to 36).	2
These data support the hypothesis that a defect in drug detoxification was responsible for the child's susceptibility to this drug hepatotoxicity.	2
The frequent use of neuroleptic drugs in the treatment of disturbed children and adolescents demands that clinicians be aware of the danger of tardive dyskinesia in this age group.	2
Acute renal failure required dialysis but with subsequent recovery.	2
Since the 3 patients were relatively old (average age, 72 years old) and had various degrees of micro- and macroangiopathies, these side effects may have been associated with increased micro- and macrocirculatory disturbances in their central nervous systems through alpha-glucosidase inhibition of this agent.	2
To keep the artery patent, i.c. streptokinase had to be continued until emergency bypass surgery was performed.	2
We report an unusual case of thrombocytopenia associated with neuroleptic malignant syndrome (NMS).	2
The presence of a myopathy could render this patient susceptible to the respiratory effects of opioids.	2
When enzyme levels in the proband and relatives were compared with that in controls, an autosomal recessive pattern of inheritance was demonstrated.	2
Despite cessation of daunomycin, she demonstrated fluctuating systolic function in relation to ATRA administration.	2
The authors present the first reported case of toxic shock syndrome associated with its use.	2
We report a patient with post-transplant lymphoma who was treated by renal allograft nephrectomy, discontinuation of immuno-suppressive therapy, and initiation of acyclovir administration.	2
Diagnosis is often difficult and is typically only made in patients without another explanation for deteriorating renal function, and is often based solely on improvement after drug withdrawal.	2
The pupil dilated more widely following this procedure, resulting in an improvement in the patient's visual field.	2
Acute pancreatitis is a rare but severe complication of TACE.	2
Agranulocytosis is a disorder characterized by a severe decrease in the number of granulocytes in blood, that frequently occurs as an adverse reaction to some drugs.	2
Norethisterone and gestational diabetes.	2
Five months later the patient was diagnosed as MH-susceptible by the in vitro caffeine and halothane contracture test.	2
RESULTS: The use of ECT in patients with MG is a viable therapeutic option when psychiatric complications secondary to MG or its treatment do not respond to psychotropic medications.	2
Choline magnesium trisalicylate was then administered in an effort to control her fever, and was successful.	2
In renal transplant recipients it has previously been related to immunosuppressive treatment with cyclosporine.	2
Four occurred in combination with MTX, one with adalimumab.	2
Data on efficacy of late administration of oximes, particularly obidoxime, is limited.	2
One patient was treated with disothiazide for premenstrual edema.	2
Comparing his coronary angiograms with those obtained before surgery indicated a severely spastic left coronary artery.	2
These results suggest that the slowed clearance of cerivastatin in this patient might have been compounded by cytochrome P450, 2C8 dysfunction.	2
Many combinations of methotrexate and folic or folinic acid have been used to limit the side effects of methotrexate therapy in psoriasis or psoriatic arthropathy.	2
Effective treatment of coprophagia in a patient with schizophrenia with the novel atypical antipsychotic drug perospirone.	2
The second case depicts acute CNS toxicity with known fatal potential.	2
In this case report, osteonecrosis of the maxilla in a 48-year-old female patient who was treated for acute myelogenous leukemia is presented.	2
METHODS: A 54 year-old male was treated with alendronate sodium 70 mg orally once per week.	2
Hence, desensitization would be essential and may be accomplished successfully using the protocol described in this report.	2
Intravenous methotrexate is an effective adjunct to steroid therapy in the treatment of steroid-resistant or life-threatening dermatomyositis-polyositis or dermatomyositis-polymyositis complicated by severe steroid-related effects.	2
In order to prevent GVHD, CsA alone was administered, 3 mg/kg i.v. per day for a total of 40 days.	2
Hypotensive shock and angio-oedema from angiotensin II receptor blocker: a class effect in spite of tripled tryptase values.	2
Cholestyramine washout and prednisolone (60 mg/day) were given.	2
After treatment with recombinant tissue plasminogen activator, the patient's hemodynamic status improved, permitting the liver transplant to be completed.	2
This drug has been used for treatment of human malaria since 1984, and to date clinical trials have involved about 3.4 million patients in more than 30 countries (personal communication).	2
Along with receiving multiple other drugs, the patient was started on a continuous i.v. infusion of dobutamine 3 mug/kg/min.	2
While the 2 patients without re-exposure to etanercept did not have further CD flares, the third patient flared 6 months after re-institution of etanercept in combination with azathioprine.	2
Both were alcoholic, malnourished and presented with radiologically widespread, smear-positive disease and lymphocytopenia.	2
The results of our investigation were inconclusive, but suggested that the endoscope could have been responsible for some of the cases.	2
Within four weeks after initiation of chemotherapy, the International Normalization Ratio (INR) increased from 3.04 to 39.56.	2
Diagnosis is made by clinical suspicion and exclusion of other causes of respiratory compromise.	2
The ATL proved refractory to chemotherapy, and he underwent BMT conditioned with CY/TBI.	2
Nineteen months after diagnosis, her mother gave birth to an HLA-compatible sibling, whose cord blood was cryopreserved.	2
The clinical picture and efficacy of mirtazapine will be discussed.	2
We report a case of a 74-year-old man with chronic lymphocytic leukemia who received high-dose intermittent chlorambucil and prednisone every two weeks.	2
Forty-three of 101 outpatients with parkinsonism reported that they regularly experienced primary sensory symptoms, i.e., spontaneous abnormal sensations not caused by somatic disease.	2
Vitamin K2 was infused along with discontinuation of warfarin.	2
All the patients recovered after an appropriate treatment for 83 days.	2
BACKGROUND: Interferon beta has become standard therapy for reducing relapse frequency in relapsing/remitting Multiple Sclerosis (RRMS).	2
Reduced TH-1 cytokine release in an adult patient with chronic relapsing Mycobacterium malmoense infection.	2
He recovered without sequelae.	2
We report 3 patients with autoimmune hepatitis who either could not tolerate or failed to improve on azathioprine but responded well to 6-mercaptopurine.	2
Late free-flap salvage has been described with poor long-term results.	2
As in our patient's case, curative treatment for LDE requires discontinuation of the drug.	2
Average time interval between surgery and thrombus formation is 26 months (max 204, min 1 month).	2
Our findings suggested that the antecedent use of high-dose corticosteroids is involved in precipitating normotensive renal crisis.	2
NEH must be considered in lupus patients receiving cytotoxic agents to avoid inappropriate use of corticosteroids or antibiotics in this self-limited condition.	2
The preliminary results (after 2 to 9 months of therapy) show 5 patients (24 per cent) did not benefit from the drug and 7 patients (33 per cent) are stable.	2
Liposomes have been proposed as an effective way to target drugs at macrophages, which are the cells infected in visceral leishmaniasis.	2
After 15 minutes, amiodarone infusion (25 microg/kg/min) eliminated further paroxysms in both patients, allowing both interventions to be completed safely and effectively.	2
In this report, we demonstrate the fluoroquinolone class of antibiotics can be associated with prolonged electroconvulsive seizure duration.	2
Drug-induced pemphigus related to angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors.	2
Aortic transgraft hemorrhage is an unusual complication following thrombolytic therapy that can occur months to years after aortic surgery.	2
Prompt hemostasis was achieved in half of the patients with their coagulation profile being restored within 4 hours after the administration of the first dose of rFVIIa.	2
We report the case of a 77-year-old male who developed a florid photosensitive eruption while taking thiazide diuretics for heart failure.	2
A spinal haematoma occurring in the subarachnoid as well as in the subdural space in a patient treated with anticoagulants.	2
At autopsy, microscopy showed that most of the thyroid follicles were enlarged with dense colloid substance and lined by flattened follicular cells (involuted follicles).	2
It is currently undergoing evaluation as an adjunct to bone marrow transplantation but its use in patients with metabolic disorders, such as Hurler's syndrome (HS), has not been explored.	2
Biopsies revealed an interface dermatitis with epidermal dysmaturation.	2
Simplifying psychotropic medication regimen into a single night dosage and reducing the dose for patients with chronic schizophrenia.	2
(2) Chemotherapy induced host tissue reaction has not been extensively studied.	2
The patients whose glucose control is dependent on counter-regulatory hormones should be monitored for the possibility of hypoglycemia.	2
Methotrexate serum concentrations must be monitored because of the possible toxicity of drug elimination delay.	2
BACKGROUND: Animal studies have shown that some human monoclonal antibodies promote myelin repair in models of demyelinating disease.	2
Furthermore, beneficial or harmful effects of steroids in eosinophilic jejunitis and its treatment details are discussed and reviewed.	2
Rapid manifestation of cervical vertebral osteomyelitis.	2
Dosing in these patients requires very careful management.	2
A broad-spectrum antibiotic regimen included a penicillinase-resistant preparation because of the frequent involvement of Staphylococcus aureus.	2
Acute tumour lysis syndrome (TLS) is a catastrophic complication of the treatment of certain neoplastic disorders.	2
Tests for hypercoagulable disorders revealed antithrombin deficiency (antithrombin-heparin co-factor level = 30% [normal pooled plasma activity 70%-140%]), suggesting that it played an outstanding role in the LA thrombosis.	2
Shortly after mizoribin withdrawal, his serum Na increased significantly from 128 to 139 mEq/l and plasma osmolality from 265 to 287 mosm/kg.	2
On day 12, the patient complained of dyspnea and cough.	2
RESULTS: Ten cases of blebitis and 33 cases of bleb-associated endophthalmitis were identified.	2
Two patients bled.	2
The authors reported two cases of vasculonecrotic phenomena in lepromatous leprosy sharing clinical and histopathological characteristics of both reaction subtypes.	2
Two months later, he was referred to Dhahran Health Center, and admitted with fever, abdominal pain, dysuria, and severe fatigue.	2
The recipient cases were 46- and 25-year-old male patients who suffered from end-stage dilated cardiomyopathy and had been listed for cardiac transplantation in the Japan Organ Transplantation Network as status I candidates.	2
Toxic encephalopathy related to antihistamine-barbiturate antiemetic medication.	2
We describe a 20-year-old woman who presented with polyarthralgia and sensory neuropathy, including mental nerve neuropathy.	2
We report a case of disseminated Scedosporium/Pseudallescheria infection due to Pseudallescheria boydii sensu stricto after lung transplantation in a patient with cystic fibrosis.	2
This case shows that radioinduced SMN can occurr with relatively low doses of RT (<50 Gy) and that it may occur very late.	2
Two months after the transplant she developed an interstitial pneumonia: bronchoalveolar lavage yielded cytomegalic cells with intranuclear bodies, and cytomegalovirus DNA was detected by in situ hybridization techniques.	2
A rare case of upbeating nystagmus, which occurred under the condition of a loss of visual fixation, due to anticonvulsant intoxication is reported.	2
The ECG normalized in a few days after mesalazine withdrawal and the follow-up was uneventful.	2
The first patient was treated with an intravenous phosphorus infusion.	2
The complete treatment schedule required the administration of a total of 708 mg of recombinant FVIIa.	2
It is unclear if this effect is directly related to the administration of antileukotrienes or a consequence of the corticosteroid-sparing effect of antileukotrienes unmasking a Churg-Strauss syndrome.	2
Gingival hemorrhage is recognized as a symptom of MDS, a rare group of potentially fatal hematological disorders, but it has not previously been documented as a presenting sign.	2
These symptoms worsened over 24 hours despite discontinuation of therapy, then gradually decreased in severity but persisted until his death two months later.	2
This paper discusses the importance of critical care and emergency nurses having an understanding of why pre-existing cardiac disorders can influence antiarrhythmic treatment.	2
Guidelines for handling common scenarios in PD patients will be illustrated by 10 case histories.	2
Nurses can be instrumental in minimizing the impact of these conditions by monitoring the longitudinal trends in Hb levels, proactively assessing patients for inflammatory or infectious conditions, and intervening to resolve causative conditions and minimize the impact on anemia.	2
Organ transplant recipients are generally considered to be at greater risk for developing malignant disorders because of prolonged immunosuppression for organ grafting, but acute leukemia is a rare complication after organ transplantation (0.2 -2.5%).	2
This case represented the acute tumor lysis syndrome that occurred after chemotherapy of breast carcinoma.	2
After the start of insulin therapy, there was a remission period for about 3 years but insulin-dependency recurred thereafter.	2
So this potential drug-drug interaction could be investigated, the patient stopped taking both drugs for 1 week.	2
To date, stent fractures reported have been related to aggressive post dilation.	2
Severe granulomatous inflammatory response induced by injection of polyacrylamide gel into the facial tissue.	2
Attempts at anticoagulation with oral warfarin were unsuccessful while the patient was receiving 50-100 ml/hr of Osmolite through an Entriflex feeding tube and intermittent oral Ensure Plus supplements.	2
The hepatitis C infection was eradicated, but he continued to be diabetic requiring insulin therapy during the follow-up.	2
Side effects associated with this medication are usually minor; serious complications are most often due to the delivery system required for continuous infusion.	2
The Keyes technique and self-inflicted injuries.	2
A rare adverse effect is a localized lipoatrophy at the site of injection, which has previously been observed and described in 11 patients.	2
Two cases of complications of the thrombolysis of right heart free-floating thrombi with pulmonary embolism: important role of echocardiographically based management.	2
She had received about seventy five units of blood at the start of 2 grams of desferrioxamine with every subsequent blood transfusion.	2
Mitral valve prolapse and thromboembolic disease in pregnancy: a case report.	2
Mean sleep latency with L-dopa was 7 minutes, in contrast to a normal value of 19 minutes, 25 seconds with placebo.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Carboplatin desensitization can be successfully performed on an outpatient basis with close observation and cardiorespiratory monitoring.	2
Hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis in a pancreas-kidney transplant recipient: response to dexamethasone and cyclosporine.	2
A maculopapular rash and a fever developed 2 weeks later.	2
While not life threatening, it can have a severe disruptive effect on the quality of life.	2
The abscess was treated with aspiration and appropriate antibiotic therapy and its complete resolution was confirmed by CT scan.	2
Fungal infection of implantable cardioverter-defibrillators: case series of five patients managed over 22 years.	2
Although studies have shown a relationship between abnormal scapular motion and subacromial impingement, it has been unclear whether the altered scapular biomechanics represent a cause, or consequence, of impingement.	2
This is probably the first report of drug-induced ego-dystonic, mood incongruent suicidal ideas appearing in a fully conscious, healthy individual.	2
Asthmatic medications can place the patient at risk of dental erosion by reducing salivary protection against extrinsic or intrinsic acids.	2
SUMMARY OF BACKGROUND DATA: Spinal pain, caused by an infective mass, developed in a 39-year-old man 3 months after an epidural injection for low back pain.	2
After 25 months there had been no recurrence of gastrointestinal bleeding.	2
The rarity of severe complications in this situation warrants presentation of the following unique association.	2
Patients typically have surgical rhinoplasty to correct unsightly noses resulting from trauma, surgery, or heredity.	2
As the child's adoptive parents controlled medication access, they were investigated by social welfare agencies.	2
Furthermore, the concomitant use of fluoxetine and clozapine is discouraged, with citalopram suggested as a suitable antidepressant in those depressed patients receiving clozapine.	2
A complication of transesophageal atrial pacing in an infant with Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome (WPW) is reported.	2
Four patients remained dialysis-dependent and died within 4 weeks of presentation.	2
This is the first documented report of human infection caused by this micro-organism.	2
He is well at 9 months follow-up.	2
Hemolytic uremic syndrome following Campath-1H induction.	2
CONCLUSION: The final interpretation of the lesions was multiple focal radiation necrosis based on perfusion abnormalities after chemotherapy and conformal hyperfractionated radiotherapy, probably due to an individually enhanced vulnerability of the cerebral vessels.	2
Co-trimoxazole was also being administered for prophylaxis against Pneumocystis carinii infection.	2
At present, no uniformly accepted effective treatment has been described for this condition.	2
The girl is alive 23 months after transplantation with complete donor chimerism; both Ph chromosome and bcr/abl RNA are negative.	2
This is our first well-documented observation of persistent cutaneous anesthesia caused by a spider bite.	2
To our knowledge, petit mal status lasting longer than 2-3 days has been documented only once [1].	2
This case is unique because of the measurement of olanzapine in brain tissue obtained from seven regions in addition to the commonly collected biologic matrices.	2
Milnacipran is a novel serotonin noradrenaline reuptake inhibitor.	2
Steroid diabetes experienced by the reported cases may be a marker for the onset of diabetes in their adulthood.	2
Treatment with topical and intracameral amphotericin B and systemic fluconazole, along with topical corticosteroids and intracameral t-PA, was successful in eradicating the corneal infiltrate and resolving intraocular inflammation.	2
We report a case of stutter priapism successfully treated with an oral antiandrogen.	2
Based on these observations and data in the literature, they discuss a possible relationship.	2
the treatment was administered in a two-step process.	2
Associated thyreoiditis, myasthenia gravis, thymectomy, Chron's disease, and erythema nodosum: pathogenetic and clinical correlations, immune system involvement, and systemic infectious complications.	2
Neutropenic enterocolitis: is there a right timing for surgery? Assessment of a clinical case.	2
Markedly elevated blood pyruvate and alanine levels also decreased to normal.	2
We examined a left-handed 25-year-old man engaged for 2 years at a vinyl chloride resin factory where he had been exposed to lead stearate, a stabilizer of resin.	2
Such cells were present in far greater numbers than are usually seen in untreated patients with HS or patients with HS undergoing successful bone marrow transplantation without GM-CSF.	2
Recognized side effects include fatigue and constipation.	2
Subsequent to diagnosis the patient was heparinised with unfractionated heparin (UFH 300-450 IU/kg/d i.v.).	2
Their use on the face in severe atopic eczema is relatively common.	2
Therefore, ACE inhibitors should be discouraged for the majority of patients with primary aldosteronism, even in the face of renal or cardiac disease.	2
CONCLUSION: This is the first report of keratitis caused by Nocardia exalbida.	2
Methanol poisoning in Tunisia: report of 16 cases.	2
The patients typically exhibit a brief preleukemic phase and poor survival with death occurring 3 to 5 months after diagnosis of leukemia.	2
However, in some patients, surgical removal of the gingival tissue overgrowth becomes necessary.	2
A lumbar myelography was carried out, and a dorsal block was demonstrated.	2
6. The wide variety of drugs associated with this complication suggests that any cytotoxic agent may be leukemogenic.	2
Primary cutaneous T-cell lymphoma following organ transplantation in a 16-year-old boy.	2
Emergence of cotrimoxazole- and quinolone-resistant Campylobacter infections in bone marrow transplant recipients.	2
Its disadvantage is that therapy may be necessary for several months.	2
Two illustrative cases are reported.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Chickenpox is not only a childhood illness.	2
Patients were followed up every 2 weeks after the laser treatment.	2
In addition to its antiviral action, ribavirin also enhances the Th1 response.	2
He developed a cerebellar hemorrhage after repetitive pressing of the shunt reservoir.	2
We describe a woman with relapsed cutaneous follicular centre B-cell lymphoma and secondary lymph-node involvement treated with rituximab alone, which induced a complete remission.	2
Patients taking multiple medications may suffer from unpredictable and complex drug-drug interactions resulting in significant morbidity and mortality.	2
Although with current ulcer therapy (H-2 blockers, omeprazole, and sucralfate), the frequency of milk-alkali syndrome has decreased significantly, the classic triad of hypercalcemia, alkalosis, and renal impairment remains the hallmark of the syndrome.	2
This ubiquitous inhabitant of the sebaceous glands and hair follicles can cause acne vulgaris.	2
Lidocaine therapy was started, and the patient was transferred to a cardiac intensive care unit at our hospital.	2
A 32-year-old white woman with major depression was treated with venlafaxine for 3 years.	2
Renal insufficiency was present in four patients.	2
As a result, one of these individuals had premature death.	2
In some cases, removal of the necrotic tissue may be necessary to cure the infection.	2
The infant died despite intensive resuscitative efforts, including the use of digoxin-specific Fab antibodies.	2
Indeed, the superiority of the combination of interferon alfa and ribavirin in terms of antiviral action is corroborated by the enhancement of a Th1-type immune reaction by this combination.	2
All patients were treated with ICD system explantation and antifungal therapy.	2
Thereafter, the patient's renal function slowly worsened and she started chronic hemodialysis 5 years later.	2
Sural nerve biopsy revealed mild demyelination and many inclusion bodies in the axoplasm and in Schwann cell cytoplasm.	2
Further testing at 28 months revealed a serum T4 value of 7.8 micrograms/dl and a serum T3 value of 141 ng/dl.	2
Myelodysplastic syndrome in a patient with adult T-cell leukaemia.	2
The diagnosis of destructive thyroiditis was confirmed by anti-TSH receptor antibody (TSHRAb) negativity and the absence of radionuclide ((123)I or (99)Tc) uptake on thyroid scintiscans.	2
Growth hormone and respiratory compromise in Prader-Willi Syndrome.	2
A 47-year-old male patient developed sepsis and monoarticular arthritis following autologous stem cell transplantation for recurrent Hodgkin's disease.	2
Possible mechanisms of action are discussed.	2
Breast-feeding was terminated, and the infant fully recovered.	2
Pigmentary aberrations are well known side effects of cytostatic chemotherapeutic agents.	2
This translocation determines a fusion gene, bcr-abl, which encodes a constitutively active protein, tyrosine kinase, resulting in decreased apoptosis, defective adhesion, and genomic instability in transformed cells.	2
In the absence of specific limb electrophysiological abnormalities, acute bilateral symmetric phrenic neuropathy was diagnosed.	2
However, cough mixtures are a readily available source of opioids.	2
Pre-treatment bone biopsy samples contained extensive osteoid covering trabecular surfaces.	2
It is suggested that, when drug induced pneumonitis is noted, careful screening of left ventricular function should be performed in order to diagnose myocardial fibrosis and subsequent cardiac failure.	2
Two additional patients with midly abnormal responses to glucose tolerance tests showed no evidence of altered glucose metabolism when treated with halcinonide cream in a similar manner.	2
At 8 years 8 months of age, desensitization was attempted because of refractoriness of seizures to drugs other than phenytoin.	2
Patients with endophthalmitis fared more poorly than those with blebitis in terms of visual outcome.	2
Haptic repositioning was performed in the right eye.	2
Even with the low dose of neuraxial drugs commonly administered in combined spinal-epidural labor analgesia, this case underscores the importance of vigilance, frequent monitoring, proper positioning, and rapid resuscitation with escalating doses of ephedrine, atropine, and epinephrine, all of which are essential in the presence of bradycardia or asystole in these patients.	2
Inhibitory effects of various drugs on dual asthmatic responses in wheat flour-sensitive subjects.	2
The child developed the nephrotic syndrome at the age of 17 months.	2
Besides hysterectomy, the treatment options for adenomyosis have been limited.	2
Compared with standard interferon alfa injections, this preparation has a longer half-life allowing for once-weekly injections and superior antiviral efficacy in the treatment of hepatitis C when used in combination with ribavirin.	2
We administered five cycles of IV Cidofovir with a 1-week interval between the first and second treatment, followed by 2-week intervals thereafter.	2
DISCUSSION: These findings suggest that paramyxovirus infection had contributed to the development of DIHS in this patient and that there is a need to seek evidence of other viral infections in some cases of DIHS, especially those without herpes virus reactivation/infection.	2
OBJECTIVE: Anastrozole is a selective aromatase inhibitor and is used for the hormonal treatment of postmenopausal breast cancer.	2
This condition can manifest as fever, myalgia, arthralgia, and Sweet syndrome, accompanied by distinct magnetic resonance findings involving the lower extremity musculature.	2
Although case reports exist concerning the positive impact of lamotrigine addition on clozapine treatment in resistant schizophrenia, a review of the literature fails to document any evidence regarding a combination of the two in the treatment of patients with schizophrenia and comorbid alcohol dependence.	2
Chickenpox follows a severe and often fatal course in adults with renal transplants.	2
Then, she again started taking theophylline (75 mg twice daily), and over 2 days reached a steady state serum theophylline level of 12.8 to 14.4 micromol/L (2.3-2.6 microg/mL).	2
We describe the case of a woman so treated with this protocol who subsequently developed severe life threatening laryngeal necrosis.	2
Long-term prophylaxis with TMP/SMX is necessary to prevent the relapse of nocardia.	2
The literature is reviewed and the case is discussed with special focus upon the duration of extrapyramidal side effects.	2
METHODS: Endoscopic retrograde cholangiography was performed to define the proximal and distal extent of intraductal tumor.	2
Ten of them were given the agent while the femoral arteries were compressed, to prevent loss of the agent into the external iliac arteries.	2
All patients had typical radiological, magnetic resonance imaging or pathological changes of osteonecrosis involving the femoral heads, while two also had superimposed avascular necrosis involving the humeral heads.	2
Severe hypertension in newborn after pyeloplasty of hydronephrotic kidney.	2
OBJECTIVE: To report a patient with a large gastrointestinal stromal tumor (GIST) who received multiple blood transfusions intraoperatively and developed a transfusion-related acute lung injury (TRALI).	2
Hyperuricaemia is commonly encountered in patients with essential hypertension and is considered as a risk factor for morbidity and mortality associated with hypertension.	2
From these experiences panic anxiety seemed to be a withdrawal symptom, and involvement of the noradrenergic system in panic anxiety as well as serotonergic system was suggested.	2
Although certain subgroups of patients have been shown to benefit from adjuvant therapy, continued efforts must be directed at identifying responders so that others will not be exposed to the additional risks of chemotherapy.	2
Bilateral inguinal scrofuloderma during steroid therapy in a patient with bullous pemphigoid.	2
Upon withdrawal of ibopamine but continuation of all other drugs, the patient recovered from the blood dyscrasia within 5 days and showed resolution of symptoms.	2
We report a 51-year-old male with adult T cell leukemia (ATL) who received a BMT from an HLA-identical unrelated donor.	2
None of the patients demonstrated the requisite features of the 'Dilantin hypersensitivity syndrome'.	2
STUDY DESIGN: A case report.	2
Von Willebrand's disease has been established as the most common hereditary hemorrhagic disease.	2
A small dose of protamine sulphate was then administered, which promptly restored hemostasis.	2
We treated 21 patients with stage D prostatic adenocarcinoma who had had unsuccessful hormonal therapy with a combination of 600 mg. per M.2 per day estramustine phosphate (Estracyt) and 15 mg. per M.2 per day prednimustine (Stereocyt, Leo 1031) in daily oral doses.	2
A chest X ray showed infiltrates in right upper lobe with bilateral pleural effusion.	2
The incidence and clinical features of allergic contact and/or photocontact dermatitis due to psoralens were examined in 371 patients with psoriasis treated with topical PUVA.	2
L-T4 stimulated lymphocyte transformation in this patient.	2
The hypothyroid status was corrected by increasing the dose of levothyroxine.	2
Antiasthmatic medications were prescribed, but the asthma symptoms did not improve.	2
The changes were those of nodular hyperplasia, sclerosis of terminal hepatic venules with associated zone 3 hemorrhagic necrosis, and sinusoidal fibrosis.	2
Symptoms began during a course of IFN alpha, resolved with its suspension, and recurred on rechallenge.	2
BACKGROUND: The skin contains a system for producing serotonin as well as serotonin receptors.	2
Kluver-Bucy syndrome: report of a case with nasopharyngeal cancer after irradiation and chemotherapy.	2
Implications for its drug management are discussed.	2
Hematologic toxicity was mainly granulocytopenia, but thrombocytopenia occurred in two patients.	2
CONCLUSIONS: The increase in Accutane use observed among females may be exacerbated by advertising.	2
Reye syndrome and juvenile rheumatoid arthritis in Michigan.	2
The changes in trace metals after DFO treatment were not consistent.	2
Most asthma drugs are inhaled using various forms of inhalers or nebulizers.	2
Pathogenesis of acute renal failure: new aspects.	2
Intraocular blastomycosis: case report and review.	2
Discontinuation of the drug resulted in total resolution of the clinical and radiologic abnormalities.	2
All-trans-retinoic acid (ATRA) is considered the recommended induction treatment for acute promyelocytic leukemia (APL).	2
CONCLUSION: Identification of bacteria in blood components should trigger a comprehensive donor evaluation, particularly if donor bacteremia is suspected.	2
The patient was treated with polyhexamethylene biguanide and chlorhexidine for 3 months, and recovered with normal visual acuity.	2
The implants occurred at the site of insertion of laparoscopy trocars.	2
There is yet no explanation for the occurrence of hallucinations or psychosis.	2
From these findings, we determined his transfusion-resistant cytopenias to be attributable to HPS.	2
Since its introduction to the market, there have been various dermatologic side effects reported in the literature, the most well known being hand-foot skin reaction.	2
Muscle biopsy showed nonspecific myopathic changes on light microscopy.	2
There was no indication that the increase in anaphylactoid reactions was associated with the use of hyperthermia.	2
The patient subsequently developed severe ischemic necrosis of the skin and soft tissue surrounding the catheter site.	2
Of note, change from tacrolimus to cyclosporine together with dexamethasone produced rapid response with status improvement.	2
No standard treatment has been established, but therapy must be prolonged, as relapses are common and can occur at the initial site or distant locations.	2
The myoclonic symptoms continued until March 18, when they subsided.	2
The patient remained in a depressed level of consciousness for 2 months but gradually recovered, showing a good recovery with minor subjective cognitive deficits by 6 months.	2
During his hospitalization he experienced bloodstream infections including fungemia due to Trichosporon mucoides and prolonged undulating fever despite antifungal and antibacterial treatment.	2
Coexistence of bulimia nervosa and mania: a literature review and case report.	2
Chemotherapy for the malignant lymphoma was done after withdrawal of cyclosporine A and mizoribine, and thyroidectomy was performed for thyroid carcinoma.	2
The clinical symptoms of both may be similar, and their clinical courses may be monophasic or multiphasic, mild but also very aggressive.	2
It also shows severe relapse after withdrawal of fenclofenac.	2
We report a case of disseminated nocardiosis revealed by suppurative thyroiditis in a liver-kidney transplant recipient with poor nutritional status at the time of infection.	2
This case suggests that, when TMP/SMX is combined with glipizide, patients should be closely monitored, especially those at high risk for hypoglycemia.	2
Detailed immunological investigation of the patient revealed a severely impaired TH-1 cytokine response as the immunological background for this uncommon course.	2
BACKGROUND: Dyskinesias are a transient but severe complication of subthalamotomy in some patients.	2
Optical coherent tomography and fluorescein angiography showed an almost complete resolution of cystoid macular edema.	2
A week prior, the patient was started on folic acid 1 mg orally daily and given an injection of vitamin B12 1000 microg intramuscularly that was continued every 3 cycles thereafter.	2
We here report on 3 patients with essential tremor, otherwise unresponsive to pharmacological treatment, who greatly benefited from low doses of topiramate (50 mg/d).	2
Chronic postoperative bacterial endophthalmitis has recently assumed a prominent role in differential diagnosis of inflammation following extracapsular cataract extraction with posterior chamber intraocular lens implantation.	2
DESIGN: Case report.	2
Histopathological features were also consistent with the disease.	2
CASE SUMMARY: A 77-year-old white woman presented to the hospital with elevated serum creatinine, oliguria for the past 24 hours, arthralgia, fatigue, fever, and bilateral flank pain.	2
PURPOSE: The aim of this study was to discuss the potential implications of prolonged and aggressive treatment of long-term survivors of ovarian cancer.	2
Patient 1, a 21-month-old boy, started to cough and developed tachypnea, sternal retractions and mild cyanosis immediately after aspiration.	2
SETTING: A neuro-ophthalmology referral center.	2
However, its clinical utility in CMV treatment has not been described previously.	2
Since the depressive symptoms returned sertraline medication was initiated.	2
The methimazole was stopped and treatment with subcutaneous granulocyte colony-stimulating factor (G-CSF) was initiated.	2
Within 4 weeks of the start of the antiandrogen therapy, verbal and physical aggressivity had ceased; activity disturbances such as agitation, pacing, and restlessness were markedly reduced.	2
We present the first case of osteomyelitis in a patient receiving infliximab therapy for severe psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis.	2
Myoclonus has been reported as a side effect of antidepressants, and the serotonin hypothesis has been advanced to include this syndrome.	2
In four of five children who took the drug as scheduled, a cytolytic effect was observed.	2
Actinic prurigo and solar urticaria are uncommon chronic idiopathic photodermatoses in the United Kingdom.	2
The usual treatment includes quick relief bronchodilator medications of the sympathomimetic class and controller medications that may include the long-acting inhaled bronchodilator salmeterol.	2
Protamine sulphate for treatment of severe post-reperfusion coagulopathy in pediatric liver transplantation.	2
This infection progressed despite treatment with antifungal regimens known to be effective, even in immunocompromised patients.	2
Despite anti-tuberculous treatment, she died on day 85.	2
Traditional neuroleptics have been the mainstay of treatment for agitated behavior in persons with dementia, but these agents have limited efficacy and are associated with high rates of adverse effects, including worsening of already poor cognitive functioning.	2
Three months after hospital discharge, the abdominal pain did not recur.	2
After discontinuation of citalopram therapy, serum sodium concentrations normalized.	2
A patient with complex regional pain syndrome type I of the left upper extremity was scheduled for left stellate ganglion block with the anterior paratracheal approach under fluoroscopy.	2
Despite the significant weight loss, 4 of the 5 patients continued to take the drug due to its efficacy.	2
If RD is suspected, assessment should include spirography combined with fibroscopy for examination of irregularities in the rate, rhythm, and depth of respiration.	2
We report three cases of post-transplant lymphoproliferative disorder (PTLD) in the context of autologous stem cell transplantation (ASCT) for multiple myeloma (MM) and non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.	2
The masses were soft, painless, and located around her insulin injection sites.	2
Fortunately, however, the hepatotoxicity appears to resolve after discontinuation of the TMP-SMX therapy in most reported cases.	2
Ocular examination of both eyes revealed anterior subcapsular opacities of both lenses with the right eye being more severe than the left.	2
Patient-controlled rapid atrial pacing was used to manage 12 cases of recurrent supraventricular tachycardia refractory to drug therapy.	2
However, the patient later succumbed to her leukaemia.	2
Recently, we have employed fibrin glue as a vehicle for the sustained release of ACNU (nimustine hydrochloride) by spray application following subtotal tumor removal in two patients with recurrent malignant gliomas.	2
On the basis of this experience, the authors point out that in the course of acute respiratory failure in leukemic children, the combination of a negative chest X-ray and a positive pulmonary perfusional scintigraphy (compared whenever possible with ventilatory scintigraphy) in the presence of a negative CT scan could be a reliable diagnostic tool for PTE.	2
As expected, we identified few successful cases of switches from clozapine in our search of the literature.	2
Chemotherapy induced reversible posterior leukoencephalopathy syndrome.	2
If a strong clinical likelihood of local disseminated intravascular coagulation exists, then In-111 platelets may be valuable in localizing the focus of platelet consumption.	2
Hypokalemic sensory overstimulation.	2
All patients who developed diarrhea after undergoing the cancer chemotherapy were examined to determine whether or not they were complicated by C difficile colitis.	2
Postdural puncture cerebral spinal fluid (CSF) leak most often manifests as a postdural puncture headache (PDPH).	2
She was found to have PTLD of the nasopharynx.	2
The bilateral ptosis markedly improved after 7 days of pyridoxine and pyridostigmine treatment and completely resolved after two weeks.	2
The two previously unreported adverse effects are a diffuse loss of color discrimination and an increased time course to complete dark adaptation.	2
TEN is a disease of both children and adults, but TEN in early infancy is a rare event; only two well-documented cases in infants less than 6 months of age have been reported.	2
RESULTS: Four pediatric patients (2 males and 2 females) with mean age of 14.5 years (range 11-18 years) were studied.	2
Capecitabine, a new member of the fluoropyrimidine family, is an orally administered drug that delivers fluorouracil (5-FU) selectively to the tumour.	2
Thirty-four children with acute lymphoblastic leukaemia (ALL) in relapse or resistant to initial induction received combination chemotherapy with prednisolone, vincristine, l-asparaginase, and daunorubicin.	2
Cardiac arrest occurred in all patients, and four patients died.	2
Mirtazapine treatment in a subject with autistic disorder and fetishism.	2
The literature on garlic burns is reviewed.	2
Effective management of the transplant recipient depends on preventing excessive vasoconstriction, usually with calcium channel blocking agents.	2
Kidney biopsy demonstrated membranous glomerulonephritis.	2
In a second man the symptoms of prostatism diminished but in the third urinary frequency and nocturia persisted in spite of a reduction in prostatic size, presumably because his symptoms were due to renal insufficiency.	2
No other anti-infective therapy was given.	2
While a lower systemic steroid dosage may have been the provoking factor, we feel that an adverse reaction to oleic acid, a dispersing agent in the aerosol freon vehicle, is a strong possibility.	2
Transthoracic echocardiogram showed global hypokinesis with an ejection fraction (EF) of 5-10% prior to cardiac arrest, compared to baseline and following EF's of approximately 35%.	2
These findings suggest that elevated intraocular pressure can contribute to interface inflammation.	2
Severe chronic active Epstein-Barr virus infection mimicking steroid-dependent inflammatory bowel disease.	2
We present two cases where successful thrombolysis of right heart thrombi and pulmonary embolism was accompanied by serious adverse events.	2
The third patient developed liver and marrow toxicity on day 3 and died on day 9.	2
A focal outbreak in a hospital.	2
We report the use of pharmacokinetic analysis of daptomycin in a 13-year-old boy with vancomycin-resistant Enterococcus faecium endocarditis.	2
We also discuss the possible contribution of altered cerebrospinal fluid dynamics in the development of leukoencephalopathy.	2
The experience obtained from the medical management of these patients is valuable for the treatment of such patients in the future.	2
An asthmatic patient with corticosteroid treatment for 45 years presented with slowly progressive limb muscle atrophy.	2
BACKGROUND: The anti-natriuretic properties of growth hormone (GH) are well established.	2
It appears that a low dose of mannitol acts as a renal vasodilator while high-dose mannitol is renal vasoconstrictor.	2
The cat was admitted with acute respiratory distress, vomiting, and collapse, which began 15 to 20 minutes after topical application of the drug.	2
RESULTS: Calciferous burning agents and corneal calcification are correlated (P<0.01).	2
A 25-year-old woman with mild hyperphenylalaninemia due to a PAH mutation of IVS12nt1g-->a/E390G has been treated for 1 year with BH4 therapy.	2
As a result, the Flexiflo Inverta percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy tubes with externally removable internal bumpers were found useful in the treatment of buried bumper syndrome, and the buried bumper was easily removed by external traction without any endoscopic or surgical methods.	2
In summary, because infected grafts can lead to serious complications, besides careful donor screening, it is important to achieve early recognition of contaminated organs by culturing the perfusate to start specific antibiotic or antifungal therapy after transplantation if necessary and avoid the rare but, in this case, fatal consequences of these infections.	2
Successful long-term control with lamivudine against reactivated hepatitis B infection following intensive chemotherapy and autologous peripheral blood stem cell transplantation in non-Hodgkin's lymphoma: experience of 2 cases.	2
Finally, after 9 years of infection, the diagnosis of seropositive RA was made in this HLA-DR1 positive patient.	2
Adverse drug reaction reporting by patients in the Netherlands: three years of experience.	2
The remaining clinical scenarios included intravenous catheter sepsis and factitious disorders.	2
Cytomegalovirus retinitis is an opportunistic and vision-threatening disease in immunosuppressed patients.	2
We should always consider it as a possible late complication and treat it appropriately.	2
In a follow-up of 14 months, acarbose was well tolerated and the frequency of dumping symptoms was remarkably reduced.	2
After the third injection to the abdomen, the patient developed a rash, and after the fourth and fifth injections to other areas of the abdomen, injection-site papules were seen.	2
As more chemotherapy pumps are implanted, undoubtedly, new and unusual complications will occur.	2
This observation adds another dimension to the previously reported renal complications of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents, especially zomepirac.	2
CONCLUSION: Physicians should recognise CS-treated patients as a population likely to be immune-suppressed.	2
With a follow-up duration of 3-4 months, we observed no toxicities outside of well-known side effects including some degree of myelosuppression and fluid retention.	2
Classic neuroleptic malignant syndrome (NMS) was diagnosed.	2
Nasopharyngeal cancer is not common in the Caucasian population; however, there is a much higher incidence in Asian patients.	2
SETTING: Outpatient pain clinic associated with a university hospital.	2
His immunosuppressive medication had been tapered to 15 mg/day of prednisolone.	2
2) To perform a review of the published cases of visceral leishmaniasis and anti-TNF-alpha therapy, and cases of coexisting leishmaniasis and macrophagic activation syndrome by search in PubMed (period 1991-2008).	2
We report on a patient who presented an invalidating progressive pelvic dyskinesia while receiving different kinds of neuroleptic drugs for a psychiatric disorder.	2
Intravenous epoprostenol was administered perioperatively to control the pulmonary hypertension in both instances.	2
CONCLUSION: A review of the literature shows that this is a particularly uncommon micro-organism.	2
The symptoms of pseudotumor cerebri disappeared within 10 days.	2
For the most part these preparations have been considered safe.	2
To replace or not to replace? - Partial coning and a sixth nerve palsy secondary due to displacement of a tunnelled intrathecal catheter for pain control.	2
Our results indicate that pharmacokinetic variability may contribute to either severe myelotoxicity or therapeutic failures.	2
The harlequin color change is an unusual cutaneous phenomenon observed in newborn infants as transient, benign episodes of a sharply demarcated erythema on half of the infant, with simultaneous contralateral blanching.	2
Later in the clinical course, the myoclonus became stimulus sensitive and was induced by tendon tap given anywhere on the body, with the latency ranging from 50 to 150 ms irrespective of the sites of tapping.	2
Trying to adjust the treatment to the patient's requirements, Carbamazepine together with Oxybutynin and Dantrolene was readministrated in lower doses.	2
PURPOSE: To report a side effect of quinacrine therapy for malaria.	2
Additional application of FAB (2 x 80 mg) resulted in the immediate disappearance of arrhythmia.	2
The thigh and buttock muscles were "wooden-hard" on palpation.	2
It may be due to several causes with different outcomes.	2
Here we reported the case of a liver transplant recipient with de novo HBV infection who had a favorable outcome after lamivudine (LAM) and adefovir dipivoxil (ADV) antiviral therapy.	2
Physicians must be aware that the public is still ingesting the drug and remain rigorous in including its toxicity in the differential diagnosis of acute neurologic events.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Topical tacrolimus at low concentrations (0.1%) shows promise in the management of oral lichen planus-like c-GVHD.	2
Bronchiolitis obliterans (BO) in children is a rare, inflammatory/fibrosing process involving the small airways that often results in progressive, irreversible obstructive pulmonary disease.	2
We regard the association recorded in this case to be a coincidence despite the known association between the drug and the development of immunosuppression and lymphoma.	2
The respiratory rate improved within 5 to 10 minutes of methylene blue administration and continued over a period of 2 hours.	2
A few non-gestational cases due to oral contraceptive use have also been reported.	2
Childhood dermatomyositis and polymyositis.	2
Management of heparin allergy during pregnancy with danaparoid.	2
In the second block of the consolidation phase, 10 hours after triple intrathecal treatment, we realized that instead of 12 mg, 120 mg of methotrexate had accidentally been given.	2
She had undergone oral sex steroid therapy for long-term oligomenorrhea.	2
All of the cats were hyperglycemic for most of the day.	2
Long-term follow-up demonstrated complete flap salvage with no soft tissue loss.	2
This finding suggests that conversion of ischemic to hemorrhagic infarction may occur even with appropriate and carefully administered anticoagulation therapy.	2
Only a prospective two-arm ALL dexamethasone study at two dose levels (6 and 10 mg/m(2)/day) will clarify if indeed the higher dose of dexamethasone during induction is more effective and without unacceptable toxicity.	2
The corneal ulcer progressed despite aggressive antifungal treatment, requiring amputation of the corneal flap and daily debridement.	2
METHODS: A 36-year-old man sustained a flap dehiscence following traumatic right eye gouging by a seagull claw.	2
While successful treatment may require surgical intervention in some cases, others may respond to antibiotic therapy alone.	2
This was postulated to be due to the tacrolimus therapy, which was withdrawn.	2
Necrotizing fasciitis of the vulva during chemotherapy.	2
We recommend that fluorinated glucocorticosteroids should not be used on the face of infants and children.	2
This was followed by eight 99 microsecond pulses at an amplitude of 1.3 kV/cm administered directly to the tumors 5 to 15 minutes after the bleomycin was completely infused.	2
We reviewed the literature pertaining the management of pelvic actinomycosis.	2
Shakuyaku-kanzo-to (SKT) is a traditional herbal medicine that is widely used for muscular cramp and abdominal pain.	2
A 64-year-old man with open-angle glaucoma had used topically applied epinephrine for 13 years.	2
Pressure-induced interface keratitis: a late complication following LASIK.	2
In followup, 18 patients reported limb dysfunction ranging from 5-365 days.	2
Two days' administration of levomepromazine 100 mg led him to a coma for 2 days.	2
Three additional cases have also been observed.	2
Bevacizumab is a recently developed monoclonal antibody against vascular endothelial growth factor receptor used to inhibit angiogenesis.	2
Dose and dose intervals should be individualized for optimal benefits and tolerability.	2
Clinical suspicion of ASPPC upon observation of these characteristic features is crucial for early diagnosis and treatment.	2
Our experience of this case led us to conclude that: patients with pulmonary metastases may develop bilateral and/or recurrent pneumothoraces following chemotherapy; computed tomography scan is essential for defining the cause of SSP; and closed chest tube drainage remains the therapy of choice, while chemical pleurodesis may also be used to prevent recidivant SSP.	2
The patient presented with several actinic keratoses, squamous cell carcinomas, and multiple keratoacanthomas, one of which was pigmented.	2
In both cases, healing began a few days after moxifloxacin was discontinued, and topical gatifloxacin and corticosteroids were initiated.	2
The evaluation of this case report leads to a comprehensive review in the treatment choice for menorrhagia with the preceding history of a thrombotic event.	2
Because patients may be unlikely to self-report alternative remedies, health care providers should specifically ask their patients about any alternative treatments they may be taking and should be knowledgeable about their toxicities.	2
Two months later repeat colonoscopy with biopsies showed no evidence of collagenous colitis.	2
Other measures including attention to factors that contribute to falls should also be considered, necessitating a multi-disciplinary approach.	2
Although the transthoracic echocardiography did not reveal an intra-atrial thrombus, cardioembolism due to disintegration of a pre-existing thrombus was thought to be the underlying mechanism because the patient had atrial fibrillation.	2
Laboratory evaluation showed high levels of thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH).	2
Is it safe to switch from stavudine to zidovudine after developing symptomatic hyperlactatemia?	2
This finding suggests that eosinophil infiltration may be associated with nasal polyp formation in AIA, and that activation of eosinophils plays an important role in accumulation of eosinophils and polyp formation beginning with the initial stage.	2
The patient remains free of arrhythmia 15 months after the event with the combination of propranolol and amiodarone.	2
Combined clozapine and electroconvulsive therapy for the treatment of drug-induced psychosis in Parkinson's disease.	2
Ultrasonography revealed hepatic hyperechogenicity.	2
This case is reported to remind clinicians of the frequent presence of psychiatric symptoms in Sydenham's chorea.	2
Accidental overdose of multiple chemotherapeutic agents.	2
In one patient, it was demonstrated that the discontinuation of enalapril was followed by a decrease in renal blood flow and a significant increase in the plasma erythropoietin levels that preceded the rise in hemoglobin.	2
A T9-10 epidural catheter was placed prior to induction of general anaesthesia.	2
The plasma concentrations of procainamide and N-acetyl procainamide were at subtherapeutic levels.	2
The group mean Karnofsky score increased from 76 before to 86.6 after therapy, indicating that with r-HuEPO treatment subjects were able to exert themselves to perform ordinary activities.	2
This report suggests that careful monitoring of patients undergoing oral amiodarone loading is necessary.	2
In contrast, our observation suggests that these substances may also display unexpected proconvulsant effects in vivo.	2
Laboratory tests excluded any underlying condition.	2
These observations, although based on a single case, provide strong evidence that testosterone may exert powerful antidepressant action in the absence of concomitant antidepressant agents.	2
An unusual patient with post-transfusion purpura is described who had a rapidly rising platelet count with high dose steroid treatment in the presence of an increasing anti-PlA1 antibody titre.	2
Further studies should be encouraged to evaluate the usefulness of CITB for other patients with severe and otherwise untreatable tardive dystonia.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Platinum-based therapies are vital to the treatment of primary peritoneal and ovarian carcinoma.	2
Topical corticosteroids used for dermatological conditions around the face and eyes are often regarded as being fairly innocuous with regard to ocular side-effects.	2
Both octreotide and the PPAR gamma receptor-activating ligands, thiazolidinediones, may be effective for patients with TSHoma.	2
Care providers who refill pump reservoirs with morphine must be knowledgeable about these devices and the life-threatening consequences associated with errors in refilling them.	2
To our knowledge, this is the second such case reported, as Merkel cell carcinoma most commonly occurs after kidney and heart transplants.	2
Successful treatment of oral lichen planus-like chronic graft-versus-host disease with topical tacrolimus: a case report.	2
Disseminated encephalomyelitis (DEM) is an inflammatory demyelinating disease that is common in children, but also appears in adults.	2
Pathophysiologic concerns have also been a key reason why physicians have avoided using beta-blockers in patients with diabetes.	2
Treatment with octreotide brought about the remission of diarrhea in this patient.	2
Azithromycin is considered unlikely to interact with warfarin.	2
Fertility was preserved because 7 months later the woman became pregnant and had an uncomplicated pregnancy and delivery at term.	2
Adenocarcinoma of the pancreas developed in a young man who was a 10-year survivor of acute myeloblastic leukemia (AML).	2
Verapamil, a class IV anti-arrhythmic drug that blocks voltage-dependent calcium channels in cardiac and smooth muscle, also has effects on presynaptic and postsynaptic voltage-dependent calcium channels at the neuromuscular junction.	2
Despite chemotherapy, the patient died 2 months after the diagnosis.	2
The cancer developed on a very thin endometrium and transvaginal ultrasonography failed to detect it.	2
In patients receiving erythropoietin, therapeutic decisions should be based on A1C and glucose levels, as well as patient symptoms suggestive of hypo- or hyperglycemia, to avoid therapy changes that could complicate disease management.	2
CLL and AML/MDS were diagnosed concurrently in two patients.	2
A 32 year-old healthy nullipara pregnant woman, with an uneventful past gynaecological history, was admitted in Hospital, with a severe depressive syndrome in a 18 weeks malformed pregnancy for thoraco-omphalopagus conjoined twins.	2
Therapy-related leukemia and myelodysplastic syndrome in chronic lymphocytic leukemia.	2
Superior sagittal sinus thrombosis was demonstrated by cerebral angiogram.	2
The use of fresh frozen plasma and/or danazol before treatment prevents angioedema attacks.	2
INTERVENTIONS: None.	2
Aspergillus cholangitis: A late complication after Kasai portoenterostomy.	2
Long-term steroid therapy has many well documented complications.	2
Cranial MRI showed large asymmetric T2 and FLAIR hyperintense lesions in cortical and subcortical structures.	2
Both are alive without evidence of leukemia.	2
"B" was an 11-year-old girl with mild mental retardation and aggression who was treated with risperidone 1 mg per day.	2
Also, it appears that these patients may be more susceptible to complications with future disulfiram usage and should be strongly counseled to seek alternative therapies for their alcohol problems in the future.	2
A patient developed DIHS during treatment with diaminodiphenylsulphone for pemphigus foliaceus.	2
Catecholamine treatment for hypotension is common practice in neonatal intensive care units.	2
She subsequently underwent successful cardiac transplantation.	2
The patient was successfully treated with heparin and subsequently with warfarin and dipyridamole.	2
Linear IgA bullous dermatosis (LABD) is an immunobullous disorder in which IgA antibodies are deposited within the basement membrane zone.	2
Emergent operative re-exploration confirmed these findings; large, swollen paraspinal muscles, a functioning drain, and no hematoma were found.	2
We propose that patients being treated with curative intent receive full-dose intensity, using body surface area calculated on actual body weight or on ideal body weight with dose escalations if tolerated.	2
Familiarity with and critical appraisal of the literature on pulmonary infiltration in immunocompromised patients can contribute to a clear diagnostic and management plan.	2
Disodium cromoglycate is regarded as the possible aetiological agent.	2
Complete rupture of the posterior tibial tendon occurs infrequently.	2
This led to a rapid unfavorable progression of hepatitis B, which was recently acquired and subsequently evolved into a severe cholestatic and fibrosing chronic hepatitis, causing multiple end-organ failure, and ultimately, death.	2
He began smoking again within 48 hours.	2
During this time the corneal infiltrate became less prominent but visual acuity remained impaired by both corneal opacity and cataract.	2
Due to the costs and risks of standard therapy, we decided to manage the patient supportively.	2
Herein, we present a case of Majocchi's granuloma of face, a site rarely involved, in an immunocompetent patient.	2
Between 1989 and 1996, 4 cases of Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia (PCP) were observed in patients seronegative for the human immunodeficiency virus who were receiving corticosteroid therapy for dermatomyositis in our institution.	2
Other symptoms of drug hypersensitivity included nausea, vomiting, urticarial rash, and leukopenia.	2
Neuroleptic malignant syndrome and neuroleptic-induced catatonia: differential diagnosis and treatment.	2
Larvae can penetrate the skin, are carried hematogenously to the lungs, migrate up the bronchial tree, and then can be passed to the upper small intestine.	2
It is now recognized that magnesium plays an important role in calcium homeostasis.	2
Antipsychotic drugs can cause neutropenia, which can progress to life-threatening agranulocytosis if drug therapy is not interrupted.	2
A 44-year-old Caucasian male who had been on long-term steroid treatment for an unspecified collagen disease was referred to our Unit because of fever, severe hypopharyngeal dysphagia, night sweats and evidence of marked superior vena cava compression.	2
The case also highlights the increased cardiovascular morbidity in testicular cancer survivors and evokes the possibility of mechanisms of myocardial ischemia other than atherosclerotic disease in these young patients.	2
Moreover, decreased levels of the C4 and C3 complement fractions were documented.	2
Severe maternal bradycardia and asystole after combined spinal-epidural labor analgesia in a morbidly obese parturient.	2
Two patients had clots in the pump.	2
However, we have not identified previous reports suggesting interaction between MTX and COX-2 inhibitors.	2
The case illustrates the prolonged clinical course of echoviral meningitis in a patient receiving cytotoxic drug therapy, and it suggests that factor(s) other than humoral antibodies may be involved in the elimination of echovirus from the central nervous system.	2
These changes were associated temporally with cyproheptadine dosing.	2
Of twenty other patients in our practice who received gemcitabine for refractory lymphoma without developing pericardial effusion, none had received prior direct radiation to the heart.	2
After discontinuance of infliximab infusions and treatment of symptoms with intermittent courses of prednisone, the patient's arthritis progressively improved, with accompanying decrements in autoantibody titers.	2
One should use caution in the interpretation of magnetic resonance imaging scans of the shoulder soon after the injection of corticosteroids.	2
PURPOSE: The aim of the study is to describe a case of suspected endotoxin-induced uveitis associated with septic endogenous endophthalmitis followed by antibiotic-induced endotoxemia.	2
A 67 year old man presented to his local dentist for restorative treatment.	2
We report the case of a 69-year-old patient with metastatic renal clear-cell carcinoma, treated with nephrectomy and three lines of therapy (interleukin-2 plus interferon-alpha2a, vinorelbine plus gemcitabine, and capecitabine), who started a fourth-line therapy with oral sunitinib because of disease progression.	2
Pregnancy limits the therapeutic options for managing thrombocytopenia which occurs in 5% of patients on heparin.	2
Mycophenolate mofetil may be considered as a useful alternative in the treatment of severe myasthenia gravis when standard therapeutic regimens fail.	2
A case of presumed anaphylactic shock highlights early detection and review, rapid mobilization of the effector arm, and identification of implications for quality improvement.	2
When catheter disconnection, kink, or dislodgement is not visible on X-ray, radioisotopic control is a safe and reliable method for assessment.	2
Blood and urine samples were collected over a 98 h period for monitoring the efficacy and adequacy of FAB treatment.	2
It can be postulated that increased excitability of anterior horn cells at a certain segment might make a spino-bulbo-spinal reflex manifest at the corresponding segment.	2
A 60-year-old male patient with ischemic cardiomyopathy experienced an electrical storm 1 month after implantation of an internal cardioverter-defibrillator.	2
The clinical course of a 69-year-old male with acute myelogenous leukemia is described who, while extremely leukopenic (less than 100 neutrophils/microliter) from chemotherapy, developed a cavitating pneumonia due to a gram-positive coccus, Micrococcus luteus.	2
She remains cough-free to date.	2
Because there have been no reports of endoscopic observations of bacterial ventriculitis, we were unable to be certain about the origin or significance of the microgranulations.	2
The trachea was immediately intubated and the lungs ventilated with oxygen 40% for four hours.	2
All three were doing well at the time of follow-up evaluation, and there was no evidence of structural heart disease.	2
We report a case of a patient who developed reactivation Histoplasmosis after receiving anti-TNF-alpha.	2
Ramipril therapy resulted in an important reduction of proteinuria (0.3-0.5 g/24 h): no changes were observed in arterial pressure and renal function during the 12-month follow-up.	2
It is harder to evaluate the benefit of a new technology in the face of noncomparable previous technologies.	2
Aripiprazole in treatment-refractory schizophrenia.	2
Conditioning as an adjunct in the pharmacotherapy of lupus erythematosus.	2
Most adverse events are due to an infusion-related symptom complex, and severe pulmonary complications are rare.	2
The patient then suffered from sudden left chest pain and dyspnea.	2
We made the diagnosis of acute gouty arthritis arising from tumor lysis and liver infarction caused by HCC ablation, which was aggravated by acute renal insufficiency.	2
INTERVENTION: Intravenous pyridoxine was used in five episodes.	2
Ten months later, he had again pyrexia and suffered from congestive heart failure.	2
We present the case of a 41-year-old male undergoing surgery for restenosis at the site of a repair.	2
Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus osteomyelitis of the scaphoid from a catheter in the radial artery.	2
BACKGROUND: With the pharmacokinetic advantages of intraperitoneal chemotherapy delivery and the increased popularity of immunotherapy and gene therapy, intraperitoneal catheters have moved to the forefront as a delivery system in cancer treatment.	2
In this patient a single plasma exchange was successful in considerably lowering the plasma dextran concentration.	2
These findings were low serum T4 (3.8 micrograms/dl), T3 (23 ng/dl), and a failure of serum TSH to rise after TRH injection.	2
Treatment of total hyphema with relatively low-dose tissue plasminogen activator.	2
Bisphosphonates in oral or intravenous forms are used to treat various diseases such as certain cancers, bone- and calcium-related disorders, osteoporosis, and osteopenia.	2
Preliminary evidence for inhibitory effect of glycyrrhizin on HIV replication in patients with AIDS.	2
Enoxaparin therapy was discontinued, and the patient was maintained on oral warfarin.	2
Perhaps for this reason, the teeth and craniofacial features of patients with leprechaunism have never been reported.	2
OBJECTIVE: We report an adult case of nasopharyngeal carcinoma treated with radical chemo-radiotherapy, with subsequent development of a histologically proved temporal cavernous haemangioma within the radiation field.	2
Pathologic findings demonstrated on MR were (1) chronic brain edema, demonstrable over a period of 3-14 months (proved by autopsy in one patient); (2) multifocal white matter necrosis; and (3) deep brain atrophy.	2
After a short course of low-concentration miotic therapy, the adhesions were broken.	2
Unexplained menorrhagia and hematuria occurred in a 13-year-old female with a mild inherited platelet disorder who had never experienced prior bleeding as a result of this disorder.	2
Transcutaneous computed tomography guided core needle biopsy established the diagnosis of pelvic actinomycosis obviating immediate surgical intervention.	2
The patient's medications before admission included quinidine, isosorbide dinitrate, dipyridamole, aspirin, pilocarpine eyedrops 4%, timolol eyedrops 0.5%, and nitroglycerin ointment and sublingual tablets.	2
After left salpingo-oophorectomy had been performed, the patient chose to terminate the pregnancy before the initiation of combination chemotherapy with bleomycin, etoposide, and cisplatin.	2
CONCLUSION: This case started with a media report in a popular newspaper, initiated by published, peer-reviewed research on herbals, and involved human failure in a case history, medical examination and clinical treatment.	2
Drug poisoning was suspected on the basis of persistent tachycardia in the absence of other signs of dehydration.	2
The mechanism is probably multifactorial.	2
Clinical improvement occurred with cessation of the benzodiazepines and the EEG showed a return to normal patterns.	2
Neither a complication nor clinical or radiological sequelae occurred in this patient.	2
We report a case of biopsy-proven BO after bone marrow transplantation in a child who, after failed corticosteroid therapy, was treated with infliximab, a monoclonal antibody with binding specificity for human tumor necrosis factor-alpha.	2
Herpes zoster ophthalmicus and syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion.	2
After several days of heparin therapy, the dialyzer circuit thrombosed and the platelet count decreased to 82 x 10(3)/mm(3).	2
This observation highlights the need for hemodynamic monitoring when potent vasodilators are used in this disorder.	2
P. falciparum can be transmitted in a hospital environment from patient to patient by blood inoculum if standard precautions are breached.	2
This patient had previously been sensitized to protamine during cardiac catheterization and had high levels of protamine-specific immunoglobulin E in the serum.	2
The elevated left ventricular end-diastolic pressure causes the left atrial overload which could be at risk of atrial fibrillation in patients with HCM.	2
LTG toxicity should be considered in patients taking this drug who have depressed mental status.	2
The tumor was not adherent to the dura, and its appearance was that of a typical neurilemmoma.	2
While he agrees that systemic antibiotics should be avoided, he also would not prescribe ear drops.	2
We report on a 64 year old patient with a severe flare-up of UC who responded well to intravenous CyA after a standard therapy with high dose corticosteroids alone had been ineffective.	2
Post-steroid septic arthritis can be treated with irrigation pump assisted arthroscopic synovectomy.	2
This women was assessed yearly by ultrasonography and Pap smear.	2
A second biopsy after clinical improvement showed resolution of cholestasis but persistence of duct paucity.	2
Subsequent disease evolution to EM major occurred in all cases (Stevens-Johnsons syndrome developed in 73% of patients).	2
Long-term survival was studied in a group of 123 patients with malignant ventricular arrhythmia treated with antiarrhythmic drugs chosen primarily with noninvasive testing methods.	2
Esophagogastroduodenoscopy and colonoscopy were negative for bleeding.	2
BACKGROUND: Fluticasone propionate was introduced in 1993 in the UK as a potentially safer inhaled corticosteroid than those already in use.	2
These effusions can be due to multiple causes with drugs being implicated as one of the etiological agents.	2
She was successfully treated with intravenous cefoxitin and removal of the indwelling central catheter.	2
The rapid onset of osteomyelitis was impressive.	2
Carbamazepine interference with an immune assay for tricyclic antidepressants in plasma.	2
Despite appropriate anticoagulation therapy with warfarin, echocardiography and fluoroscopy showed stuck leaflets of the prosthetic valve due to thrombosis.	2
We report for the first time the successful treatment of a patient who developed compensatory hyperhidrosis following sympathectomy using video assisted extension of the sympathectomy by application of botulinum toxin (BTX-A).	2
A pelvic form of the disease, associated with the use of Intra-uterine Devices (IUD), can severely damage pelvic organs and even can lead to death.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Recurrence of Acanthamoeba keratitis after penetrating keratoplasty a chaud may occur even several months after the operation and the manifestation may be atypical.	2
Two patients died.	2
Cardiopulmonary resuscitation was successful after 45 minutes.	2
CBC revealed pancytopenia.	2
A patient bleeding from oesophageal varices in whom injection sclerotherapy failed to control bleeding required peripheral vein vasopressin infusion for a total of five days.	2
He had been abusing ergotamine compounds for several years on at least 15 days per month.	2
Low-dose oral methotrexate treatment for recalcitrant palmoplantar pompholyx.	2
Side effects such as acute renal failure, hyperkalemia, gastritis, gastrointestinal bleeding, and asthmatic exacerbation, although rare, have been previously reported.	2
Of 23 patients with reported outcome, 11 died within a few weeks.	2
Patients were assessed weekly during CAP-XRT and q 3 weeks during CAP alone.	2
They require immediate discontinuation of the drug and a washout procedure to hasten drug elimination from the body.	2
Cisplatin and acute tubular necrosis.	2
As a result, we identified total 11 patients with nocturia and three of those completed the 12-week study of switching dopamine agonist from bromocriptine to pergolide.	2
Gastrointestinal (GI) tract disease is an unusual presentation of this yeast infection.	2
We present a case of accidental injection of tranexamic acid instead of bupivacaine during spinal anesthesia.	2
Although enteral nutrition is generally advocated in the care of children with cancer, those patients receiving intensive chemotherapy alone or in combination with bone marrow transplantation often require total parenteral nutrition (TPN).	2
The possible relationship between transplant-induced immune dysfunction and the occurrence of this rare infection is discussed.	2
Report of two cases, personal experience and review of the literature.	2
Vapreotide, a new somatostatin analogue in the palliative management of obstructive ileus in advanced cancer.	2
When it occurs, trichosporonosis usually is associated with hematological malignancies and, to the best of our knowledge, has not been previously reported in a liver transplant recipient.	2
Here, we report a case of acute liver dysfunction complicated with uncontrollable glycemia due to insulin antibody.	2
A right subhepatic abscess complicated a case of cesarean delivery.	2
Ultrastructurally the follicular cells contained large residual bodies composed of abundant electron-lucent lipid droplets of variable size.	2
The patient had no history of trauma, lymphatic obstruction, venous obstruction or infection.	2
Review of the current literature confirms the importance of 3D dose planning in avoiding this complication and high-lights the role of MRI in establishing the diagnosis of radiation-induced optic neuropathy.	2
Due to Quetiapine's particulars and the promising receptor profile concerning addiction medicine, we set out to examine the tolerability and efficacy concerning relapse prevention of withdrawn alcoholics suffering from craving and affective symptoms.	2
SUMMARY AND CONCLUSION: The case presented shows the rare occurrence of the congenital absence of an IVC with pelvic thrombosis in a young female with a history of menorrhagia and new onset of pelvic pain.	2
She had been on a combined treatment of steroid and lobenzarit disodium for the first 3 years, and then continued with a combined treatment of steroid and bucillamine for the following years until she was found to have pulmonary tuberculosis, at which time the steroid was suspended 10 months before she visited the authors' clinic.	2
A patient with end stage renal disease secondary to systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) ultimately required amputation of the four extremities and developed mesenteric ischemia.	2
One patient had known atherosclerotic heart disease, and 2 patients had risk factors for coronary artery disease.	2
The role of GP IIb/IIIa inhibitors in patients with NSTE ACS and elevated troponin levels who are undergoing PCI has been well established, even for patients receiving high-dose clopidogrel.	2
Abdominal ultrasound was normal with the exception of a slight hepatomegaly without any lesions, focal or diffuse.	2
Although it is chronic, it is commonly associated with exacerbations and short periods of remission.	2
Serum tryptase rose to three times the normal value.	2
Other primary causes of hepatotoxicity (alcohol consumption and viral hepatitis) were also verified in two cases, and in those patients biopsy findings revealed the presence of cirrhotic lesions in liver parenchyma.	2
On hospital admission, blood pressure of the intubated, bradyarrhythmic patient was 100/65 mmHg.	2
Based on this principle a 27-year old woman, classified as being in the high-risk group (Goldstein and Berkowitz score: 11), was treated with multiple cytotoxic drugs.	2
New criteria for the diagnosis of infective endocarditis.	2
Subsequent radiologic examination revealed rachitic bone and joint changes.	2
Drug induced myopathies have been implicated with the use of several medications.	2
Apomorphine and diphasic dyskinesia.	2
Circulatory arrest ensued.	2
We conclude that, though rare, E. avium can be pathogenic in humans and that E. avium bacteremia is associated with gastrointestinal abnormalities.	2
When there was no laboratory confirmation of the arteritis, an iatrogenic etiology (ergotism) was suspected.	2
A fecal fat 72-hour study revealed a coefficient of absorption of 50%.	2
Aripiprazole combined with low-dose clozapine as maintenance therapy resulted in a positive clinical outcome despite a clozapine serum level that is generally considered subtherapeutic.	2
We describe a patient who developed adrenal insufficiency (AI) after this protocol.	2
A unique patient with adrenal insufficiency is reported who received corticosteroids intravenously and then had multiple lesions develop that were similar to focal lipoatrophy as known to occur secondary to faulty intradermal injections of corticosteroids.	2
At the end of each vitrectomy, 0.4 mg of gentamicin, 1.0 mg of cefazolin, and 0.32 mg of dexamethasone were injected into the vitreous cavity.	2
He reported adherence to drug therapy and diet.	2
We evaluated fluoxetine in six patients with poorly controlled cataplexy by beginning patients on a single 20 mg dose without any change in their current medications.	2
After conventional therapy failed, the patient underwent treatment with adalimumab and the majority of his symptoms resolved after 16 weeks of therapy.	2
Inadvertent discogram during epidural steroid injection: a case report.	2
Oculogyric crisis is a neurologic reaction characterized by bilateral dystonic elevation of visual gaze as well as hyperextension of the neck.	2
Nineteen children with rheumatic diseases refractory to standard treatment were given repeated large "pulses" of corticosteroid therapy.	2
Therefore, intraperitoneal catheters should be removed if they are not being used.	2
These were gradually lysed after two successive administrations of streptokinase (1.5 x 10(6) units over 24 h), and one session of recombinant tissue type plasminogen inhibitor (100 mg over 6 h).	2
Here, we report the first case of successful redo aortic valve replacement using a Prima Plus stentless valve (Edwards Lifesciences, Irvine, CA, USA) followed by a 6-week course of ciprofloxacin and gentamicin for early PVE caused by MBL-producing P. aeruginosa.	2
Fluconazole in the treatment of candida peritonitis in continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis: report of a case.	2
Naratriptan in the prophylaxis of transformed migraine.	2
Recommendations are made for the prophylaxis and treatment of sulfadiazine-related renal toxic reaction.	2
SD-OCT irregularities in the IS/OS junction were also seen in areas not detected on HVF 10-2.	2
Complete seizure control was achieved but the patient developed hallucinations, agitation and self-harming behaviour, as well as poor social contact.	2
Biopsy of the skin rash demonstrated superficial perivascular lymphocytic infiltrate and was consistent with a drug reaction.	2
A karyotype showed 1) the involvement of 12p, which should be related to the basophilia and/or to previous drug exposure, and 2) the unexpected presence of three different dicentric chromosomes.	2
Therefore, it is advisable to consider early glucocerebrosidase replacement therapy in GD patients receiving cytotoxic or targeted therapy for cancer.	2
Both patients had atrial flutter with 2 to 1 atrioventricular block that evolved into 1 to 1 atrioventricular conduction.	2
A 61-year-old male with a history of severe heparin-induced thrombocytopenia (HIT) type II after aorto-femoral bypass surgery presented to the emergency department within 8 hours of development of substernal chest pain radiating to the left arm.	2
Neurologic examinations were normal in 2 and showed developmental delay of expressive language in the third.	2
Despite the large number of cases with mediastinitis described in the literature, the chest closure with only an omental flap without closure of subcutaneous tissue and skin is rare.	2
After rapid correction of severe hyponatremia, a 36-year-old man developed osmotic demyelination syndrome (ODS), manifested neurologically by impaired cognition, extremity weakness, bilateral third cranial nerve palsies, and gaze-evoked upbeat and rotary nystagmus.	2
The serum creatinine and blood urea nitrogen concentrations were 2.7 mg/dl and 70 mg/dl, respectively.	2
As far as we know, this is the first report in English literature indicating such an adverse effect of pegylated interferon alpha.	2
In this report, we will describe the first case of obsessive-compulsive behaviour following oral corticosteroid treatment in a 75-year old adult male patient with pulmonary disease, but without previous psychiatric symptoms or organic brain disorder.	2
Amyloid deposits in the thyroid were found on fine-needle aspiration biopsy.	2
CONCLUSION: The contraction-associated hypofluorescence line, namely marginal crack line, indicates the early damage of retinal pigment epithelium and seems to lead to expanding macular chorioretinal atrophy typically seen in mCNV.	2
This patient had no evidence of previous neurologic disease.	2
There is evidence to suggest that perfusion treatment is even superior to amputation as regards survival; if so an immunological mechanism might be responsible for this effect.	2
The absence of hyperplasia in the progestin-treated endometrium suggests that the squamous metaplasia does not represent persistence or progression of the original hyperplastic lesion.	2
In addition to being used as adjuvant chemotherapy, S-1 is a promising agent for palliative treatment.	2
A liver biopsy revealed chronic hepatitis with bridging fibrosis and piecemeal necrosis.	2
Its main mechanism of action is regarded as a switch of the immune reaction from a T helper (Th)1 to a Th2 cell type.	2
We report a case of liver abscess caused by methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA), which developed as a complication of an infected VP shunt.	2
The buried bumper syndrome: the usefulness of retrieval PEG tubes in its management.	2
This syndrome generally occurs after a few weeks of therapy and may occur after L-asparaginase therapy is completed.	2
Unusual late pulmonary complication in a child after umbilical cord blood transplantation: high-resolution CT-pathologic correlation.	2
A patient is described with a 25-year history of disabling, and at times life-threatening, anorexia nervosa alternating with major depression associated with suicidal ideation.	2
Three years later, she complained of mild visual loss in the right eye.	2
The renovascular hypertension in this patient was treated successfully by renal autotransplantation.	2
INTERVENTION: Volume resuscitation, vasopressors, high PEEP mechanical ventilation, paralysis, nitric oxide, steroids, rapid albumin infusion.	2
This report suggests that, like immunoblastic sarcoma, lymphomatoid granulomatosis may develop under conditions of diminished immunologic surveillance, whether iatrogenic or naturally occurring.	2
Percutaneous transseptal mitral valvuloplasty was attempted in a patient with severe rheumatic mitral stenosis.	2
These changes resemble lymphocytic bronchiolitis in lung transplant recipients, which was well correlated with HRCT findings.	2
Twenty-three patients who experienced HCMV antigenaemia or DNAemia during or at the end of prophylaxis were included.	2
This is the first time that the combination of PTX and vit-E has had a significant antifibrotic effect by completely reversing deep RIF as shown by CT scan normalization.	2
In our experience and in other limited published data, adverse effects are rare, but prolongation of the QT interval has occurred and multiform ventricular tachycardia is likely a risk.	2
Reviewing data on these patients and recent literature indicate that fatal marrow aplasia seems to occur more frequently in sero-negative women who respond well to therapy with gold salts.	2
In all five patients, sodium loading was associated with improved renal function, which permitted amphotericin B therapy to be continued in fully effective doses to the completion of elective courses of treatment without evidence of residual impaired renal function.	2
This article presents a simple and effective alternative using hyaluronic acid for some patients requiring nasal recontouring.	2
This set of findings is similar to the acute inflammatory stimulation observed with exposure to irritants, and may lead to mucus obstruction of small airways and increased nasal resistance.	2
Clinical aspects of Candida infection in denture wearers.	2
The patient was ultimately discharged to home.	2
We report a patient with psoriasis and HCL who was treated for 1 week with continuous intravenous infusion of 2-CdA for recurring HCL.	2
The case is discussed and the pertinent literature reviewed.	2
However, Strongyloides-related glomerulonephritis has not been well documented.	2
Acute occlusion of the popliteal artery, a limb-threatening complication, was reported after total knee arthroplasty.	2
Severe overdosage with the antiepileptic drug oxcarbazepine.	2
We present a case of a newly acquired herpetic infection in the graft after penetrating keratoplasty.	2
Systemic administration of corticosteroids was only transiently beneficial in reducing the increased airway resistance.	2
On this regimen, four of the five patients studied were able to excrete significant amounts of iron (greater than 35 mg/da) when receiving a daily desferrioxamine dose of 1.5 to 2.2 g.	2
Most of these patients presented with complex symptoms arising from a variety of pathological conditions including ischemic heart disease, myocardial infarction, cerebrovascular accident, pneumonia, and trauma.	2
Most interestingly, the evolution of NS paralleled the evolution of cGVHD in all patients.	2
In addition, by far the majority of bleeding complications can be treated effectively.	2
DISCUSSION: Eye burns followed by calcifications follow two different major patterns: the corrosive substance contained calcium or the continued therapy was applied with phosphate-buffered eye drops.	2
A 55-year-old man is reported who initially developed chronic lymphocytic leukemia.	2
A case is reported of a 36 y/o man treated with radiation therapy for cervical cord ependymoma who developed malignant fibrous histiocytoma of the cervical spine 15 years later.	2
Toxicities included fever, skin rash, somnolence and a generalized seizure.	2
BACKGROUND: There has been discussion about the acceptance of adverse drug reactions (ADRs) reported by patients to spontaneous reporting systems.	2
RESULTS: Visual acuity was reduced to 1/50 and 0.3.	2
No safety data in patients with < 60,000/mm(3) of platelets are present.	2
There was no reaction to the antibiotics.	2
We describe our initial experience of HCQ slow oral desensitization.	2
A case of mixed adult Wilms' tumour and angiosarcoma responsive to carboplatin, etoposide and vincristine (CEO).	2
Implicated triggering factors are numerous and include toxins, medications, and infectious agents.	2
In the following days, fever, vomiting, hypertension and ARF occurred.	2
The neuropathology of organ transplantation: comparison and contrast in 500 patients.	2
Successful treatment of influenza A virus by oseltamivir in bone marrow transplant recipients.	2
We meningitis and epidural abscess after spinal bacteraemic patient.	2
When L-dopa reduction was feasible, it resulted in cessation of unsafe driving.	2
A report of three cases and a review of the literature.	2
Hairy leukoplakia was first described in association with HIV infection.	2
Confocal microscopy findings of Acanthamoeba keratitis.	2
Herbal medicine causing likely strychnine poisoning.	2
Bisabolol is a sesquiterpene alcohol compound derived from the German chamomile plant, a member of the Compositae family.	2
Within a week after surgery, the patient developed septic shock secondary to multidrug-resistant Escherichia coli bacteremia and died.	2
There was no evidence of disease progression.	2
INTERVENTIONS: Patients were treated with 4 to 8mg of cyproheptadine by mouth every 6 to 8 hours, 5 to 10mg of diazepam by mouth every 6 to 12 hours, 10 to 20mg of baclofen by mouth every 6 hours, and ITB boluses in some cases.	2
In the first case report, the patient was switched to olanzapine ODT in daily dosage of 20 mg, while in the second case report, the patient was switched to olanzapine ODT in daily dosage of 15 mg, and weight loss was similar (14 kg vs. 15 kg).	2
Chemotherapy usually consisted of alkylating agents often given in high dose and for long durations.	2
Risk of abuse of diphenhydramine in children and adolescents with chronic illnesses.	2
RESULTS: Central macular thickness decreased from 511 to 376 microm at month 4 in the treated eye and remained within 10% of this value during follow-up.	2
One patient with nasopharyngeal undifferentiated carcinoma and 1 patient with maxillary adenosquamous carcinoma showed complete response (CR), while all SCC patients showed stable disease (SD) or progressive disease (PD).	2
A minimum peripheral dose of 36 Gy HDR was administered in 12 fractions (twice a day) at 3 Gy per fraction for a period of 3 days.	2
Endogenous thrombopoietin serum levels during multicycle chemotherapy.	2
In 7 CVC-related infections (35%) the catheter was removed.	2
Her condition stabilized during treatment with intravenous heparin, aspirin, nitrates, beta-blockers, digoxin, ACE inhibitor and anticoagulants.	2
The leucopenia and thrombocytopenia resolved on the 7th and 13th days of hospitalization, respectively.	2
The mean histologic activity index scores for patients in groups 1 and 2, respectively, were 6.7 and 5.4.	2
We identified high numbers of PDCs in psoriatic skin lesions (up to 16% of the total dermal infiltrate) based on their coexpression of BDCA2 and CD123.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Intravitreal injection of triamcinolone acetonide may be an additional tool in the treatment of therapy-resistant cystoid macular edema after penetrating keratoplasty.	2
One year later, decreased fluency and mild ataxia persists.	2
Serum triglyceride levels of four patients with psychotic disorders were decreased after switching therapy from clozapine to risperidone.	2
It is recommended that daily leukocyte counts be done in burn patients being treated with silver sulfadiazine.	2
Furthermore, the dystonia may resolve following the disappearance of the brainstem and thalamic lesions.	2
The latter case was diagnosed by needle aspiration of the cyst.	2
Three of the 4 patients with hydrocephalus secondary to CNS tumor suffered secondary shunt complications during periods of severe neutropenia resulting from chemotherapy (6 weeks to 6 months after shunt insertion).	2
This undesirable side effect of Tolazoline may be prevented by the concomitant use of antacids to maintain gastric pH greater than 5.	2
We present a patient with multiple intraoral ulcerations of the right buccal and alveolar mucosa that had previously been treated with nerve ablation therapy for trigeminal neuralgia.	2
We concluded that the recurrent bacteraemia in this predisposed patient was due to re-infection, and that antibiotic treatment (amoxicillin plus an aminoglycoside) resulted in a complete eradication of the infective microorganism.	2
All three patients had been taking an atypical antipsychotic.	2
Fifteen days later, blood tests showed CK 1327 IU/L and myoglobin 324 U/L; therefore, the drug was discontinued.	2
Conservative treatment with oxygen was administered and both respiratory and liver disorder resolved 4 weeks following admission.	2
When additional indicators of treatment outcome are considered, such as cognitive and occupational and social functioning, it is clear that the overall outcome for schizophrenia is far from satisfactory.	2
This paper reports a patient with degenerative rupture of the plantar fascia.	2
Infective endocarditis was diagnosed by Duke's Criteria (Durack et al.	2
A young male presented with acute cervico-facial swelling and loss of consciousness, following ingestion of barracuda flesh.	2
We report on two girls, 3 and 13 years old, with acute promyelocytic leukemia (APL) who were successfully treated with all-trans retinoic acid (ATRA) 45 mg/m2/day.	2
We present a patient who developed skin lesions typical of disseminated superficial porokeratosis (DSP) while on immunosuppressive therapy for pemphigus foliaceus.	2
The importance of differentiation between primary and "therapy-linked" disease, and the difficulties in making such a distinction, are discussed.	2
Reactivation of hepatitis B virus infection with persistently negative HBsAg on three HBsAg assays in a lymphoma patient undergoing chemotherapy.	2
Reperfusion was achieved by coronary thrombolytic therapy with urokinase.	2
When using local anaesthetic epidural infusions, it is important to exclude other causes of motor block before attributing it to the local anaesthetic.	2
Our patient presents one copy of the most common mutation (CYP2C19*2) affecting the activity of the isoenzyme and probably another rare or private mutation.	2
This syndrome has been associated with the use of aromatic ring-containing agents such as phenytoin, carbamazepine, or phenobarbitone.	2
The patient denied any previous medication sensitivities, and was taking oral methotrexate and prednisone at the time of emergency department admission.	2
PARTICIPANTS: Five eyes in four patients who underwent LASIK in different locations around the world and had culture-positive mycobacterium keratitis develop.	2
Energy-dispersive X-ray analysis confirmed the presence of calcium.	2
BACKGROUND: Cutaneous manifestations of cryofibrinogenemia include purpura, ecchymosis, and ulcerations.	2
Sorafenib, a multitargeted kinase inhibitor used for the treatment of unresectable hepatocellular carcinoma and advanced renal cell carcinomas, received FDA approval in 2005.	2
The median survival was 22.1 months in all and 17.1 months in six patients with PVTT.	2
Periodic alternating nystagmus generally implies structural brainstem disease, especially at the craniocervical junction.	2
The WBC count should be determined and the patient's circulatory status evaluated to rule out hypovolemia.	2
Electron microscopy demonstrated electron-dense granules, free and membrane-bound, within macrophages and fibroblast-like cells.	2
METHODS: Between April 2002 and October 2003, we performed 24 liver transplants in 25 patients.	2
Stenotrophomonas maltophilia bacteremia after living donor liver transplantation: Report of a case.	2
We discuss the possible common immunological basis for these two diseases and the risks and benefits of immunosuppressive therapy.	2
Further research is needed to delineate the frequency of this troubling side effect and how best to treat it.	2
At 1 year of age cardiovascular and renal function is normal, but there is developmental delay.	2
Her acyclovir level was later found to have been 3.4 micrograms/ml (normal peak range 0.4-2 micrograms/ml) prior to dialysis.	2
Current trends toward intensive insulin therapy for rapid near-normalization of blood glucose levels will increase the recognition of this entity.	2
She had received this same dose in the past without incident.	2
Clotrimazole is an antifungal agent that has been shown to have excellent in vitro activity against most strains of Acanthamoeba.	2
Her condition improved, and she was discharged after 22 days.	2
Acute respiratory failure precipitated by a carbonic anhydrase inhibitor.	2
IFN-alpha therapy (5 million U/day) was administered for 6 months longer.	2
Acute spontaneous tumor lysis syndrome in a patient with Crohn's disease taking immunosuppressants.	2
A reticular pattern on high resolution CT (HRCT) invariably represents significant lung pathology and is the dominant feature of irreversible fibrosis.	2
Median patient age was 52 years.	2
CLINICAL PRESENTATION: We report two cases with multiple sclerosis, who developed meningioma four and twenty years after the diagnosis of MS was made.	2
METHODS: We report the first case of orbital cellulitis following Faden operation on the medial rectus muscle.	2
Polyacrylamide gel may have favorable properties for facial tissue augmentation, but a severe granulomatous inflammatory response induced by injection of polyacrylamide gel may occur.	2
No subjective discomfort was reported.	2
A brief discussion of thyroid myopathy, thionamide drug reactions, and polymyositis is included.	2
Systemic lupus erythematosus: association with psoralen--ultraviolet-A treatment of psoriasis.	2
Limited data suggest that TNF-alpha inhibitors may facilitate uncontrolled hepatitis B viral replication.	2
Another aqueous humor sample was taken and sent for microscopic examination of sputum for acid-fast bacilli and culture, both of which were positive for MT.	2
Laboratory investigation confirmed prior exposure to CMV, EBV and HSV and suggested drug-induced immunological suppression.	2
Postoperatively, a continuous epidural infusion of fentanyl/bupivacaine was used for postoperative pain management.	2
Stupor and fast activity have been related to the effects on gamma-aminobutyric acid type A (GABA(A)) receptors mediated by endozepines or by exogenous drugs such as benzodiazepines or barbiturates.	2
BACKGROUND: Drug toxicological screening is commonly used as a diagnostic tool in patients with suspected toxic ingestion.	2
We undertook a retrospective analysis of prevalence of QTC prolongation among all patients with computerized ECGs over a 6-month period at one institution and compared it to the prevalence in hospitalized patients with HIV disease.	2
Relapse occurred 13 1/2 months later, and therapy with adriamycin was restarted.	2
Two patients who received granulocyte colony stimulating factor (G-CSF) before or during radiotherapy are reviewed.	2
CONCLUSIONS: We present 2 patients allergic to cloxacillin with normal tolerance to other betalactam antibiotics, confirming that cross-reactivity among these antibiotics seems to be uncommon.	2
She was then treated by surgical excision of the infected tissues and by antibiotics: Amoxicillin, Metronidazole and Gentamycin for one month.	2
Recently, ketorolac was demonstrated to relieve pain in RSD patients when administered by intravenous regional block (IVRB), yet this method has obvious limitations in the outpatient setting.	2
In three patients Westergren sedimentation rate decreased for up to five months after exchanges.	2
The authors emphasize that this patient did not have any predisposing factors to fungal infections.	2
Further control studies assessing the efficacy and safety of antiandrogen agents are recommended.	2
Tetracycline-induced renal hypophosphatemia in a patient with a syndrome of inappropriate secretion of antidiuretic hormone.	2
We describe a 12-year-old boy who developed desquamative interstitial pneumonitis and hepatic cirrhosis several years following the onset of ulcerative colitis.	2
Data from the Cincinnati Transplant Tumor Registry indicate that of 662 patients treated for posttransplant lymphoma, 277 patients died of cancer and 137 died of other causes, of which infection was a major factor.	2
He recovered successfully after treatment with very high doses of corticosteroids and azathioprine.	2
Overall, they are the single largest cost to the healthcare system.	2
To our knowledge, this is the first case of stroke occurring in a pregnant woman following vasopressor therapy for spinal anesthesia-induced hypotension.	2
There was complete radiological and clinical resolution of the abscess on prolonged treatment with amphotericin alone.	2
RESULTS: There was an immediate clinical improvement (increased alertness, improved concentration) but severe hypernatraemia developed (peak 169 mmol/l) necessitating revision of his desmopressin and fluid intake regimen.	2
Portal hypertension in a patient with chronic myeloid leukaemia.	2
Twelve days later symptoms worsened, with pulmonary edema on chest radiograph, continued weight gain, and +4 pitting edema resistant to oral diuretics.	2
Ultrasonography of the neck and upper extremity revealed thrombosis of right internal jugular vein.	2
Because there is no increased prevalence of PCNSL in MS, and the patient was otherwise not immunocompromised, an association between natalizumab therapy and PCNSL cannot be ruled out.	2
Cardiac evaluation revealed acute congestive heart failure with a cardiac ejection fraction of 19%.	2
Remarkable findings on initial examination were facial grimacing, flexure posturing of both upper extremities, and 7-mm, reactive pupils.	2
This resulted in clinical improvement and controlled the progression of hemolysis and methemoglobinemia.	2
She had begun taking amisulpride 50 mg/day and diazepam 2 mg at bedtime 6 months prior to the psychiatrist appointment, with poor relief of her depressed mood.	2
The same test were negative in five control patients.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Influenced by a variety of factors, pathophysiological microvascular changes provoke anterior ischemic neuropathy with sudden painless loss of vision, irreversible in most cases.	2
Case study on drug-related adverse effects of hepatitis C therapy.	2
PURPOSE: To evaluate the efficacy and safety of topical imiquimod 5% cream for the treatment of eyelid basal cell carcinoma.	2
A complication of short-term systemic corticosteroid use.	2
The authors note that catatonia is a clinical syndrome associated with multiple medical conditions as well as psychiatric disorders.	2
The literature review revealed that many cases typically present with chronic cough with or without dyspnea.	2
Eruptive latent metastatic melanomas after initiation of antitumor necrosis factor therapies.	2
CONCLUSION: Infliximab can be used successfully for the treatment of pediatric patients with Crohn's disease and IPAA who are refractory to conventional therapies.	2
Using a ventricular reservoir to instill amphotericin B.	2
Three hemodialyses were performed in the patient during the oliguric phase of the disease.	2
She died and autopsy revealed extensive hemorrhagic myocardial infarction and a free-wall rupture.	2
CLINICAL RELEVANCE: Gabapentin appeared to be a safe, effective, and economical treatment for neuropathic pain in this horse.	2
This case seems to be one of the first descriptions of the clinical relevance of a CYP2D6 heterozygous genotype in a patient treated with antidepressant.	2
It is sometimes the sorrow of failed action and sometimes the sorrow of failed conduct.	2
Thus, measures must be taken to prevent and treat PVOD after BMT.	2
Computed tomography angiography of her chest revealed multiple bilateral pulmonary emboli with a moderate clot burden, which resulted in her hospitalization.	2
Reports of corticosteroid anaphylactic reactions are rare in the medical literature.	2
Post-transplant lymphoproliferative disorders (PTLDs) are well-recognized complications of bone marrow and solid organ transplantation, comprising a heterogenous group of lymphoproliferations with a spectrum of morphologic, phenotypic and molecular features.	2
The inferior alveolar nerve (IAN) contains mainly sensory fibers.	2
RESULTS: Findings and course were typical for the recently described progressive outer retinal necrosis syndrome.	2
METHODS: A 70-year-old woman with bilateral normal tension glaucoma was treated with topical brimonidine and followed in an outpatient setting.	2
All patients had experienced multiple episodes of severe hypoglycaemia and had impaired awareness of hypoglycaemia.	2
Patient 1 developed squamous cell carcinoma of the skin with recurrence, and Patient 2 developed anaplastic carcinoma of the urinary bladder.	2
Overall gains and no change in bodyweight were observed in 83% of patients.	2
There was also complete regression of lymphadenomegaly.	2
He was initially treated with interferon alfa and subsequently relapsed within one year of treatment.	2
He had underlying left carotid artery stenosis combined with bilateral preproliferative diabetic retinopathy.	2
Neuroleptic malignant syndrome (NMS) is a rare but potentially serious complication of neuroleptic drugs.	2
This suggested a possible lack of response to amantadine for treatment of dyskinesias induced by surgery of the STN.	2
IMPLICATIONS:We discuss the successful management of gangrene of the upper and lower limbs after ergot-induced abortion by unlicensed medical charlatans in a developing country.	2
We have used anti-angiogenetic therapy with thalidomide in two AILD patients and observed remarkable responses.	2
Glycyrrhizin (GL) at a dose of 400-1600 mg/day (7.2-30.8 mg/kg/day) was administered intravenously for a period of more than a month, on 6 separate occasions, to 3 hemophiliacs with acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS).	2
This is the first reported case of CNS excitatory toxicities in a patient with alcoholic hepatitis and cirrhosis, and normal renal function.	2
This report describes the pathological changes in liver biopsy samples taken from 2 children who developed liver failure after combined chemotherapy for Wilms' tumor.	2
She had not been envenomated by a rattlesnake previously or received any horse-derived antivenins in the past.	2
The first cycle of her CHOP regimen was initiated (day 1) in our outpatient unit; she was then discharged home.	2
Atypically, despite high viraemia, serological tests showed persistently negative HBsAg using three different sensitive HBsAg assays (i.e., Architect, Murex and AxSYM).	2
Due to the absence of other contributing factors and the temporal relationship between tolterodine and prolonged INR, the event was determined to be a probable drug interaction.	2
Sensitization remained demonstrable 2 months after cessation of the former drug.	2
Possible etiologic factors are traumatic osseous lesions and transport of rectal bacteria to the periosseous region.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Clinical pharmacists and other healthcare professionals should remain cognizant of possible product quality differences within or bioequivalency differences between levothyroxine products.	2
The patient presented with lethargy, abdominal pain, and vomiting.	2
Two months after thymectomy she presented with progressive cognitive decline, asymmetric quadriparesis and ataxia.	2
Mannitol treatment alone did not lower the intraocular pressure after 90 minutes, although improvement was noted four hours after methylprednisolone.	2
OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to assess the efficacy of beta-blockade on clinically significant left ventricular outflow tract obstruction in premature infants treated with dexamethasone because of bronchopulmonary dysplasia.	2
A possible association between arterial dissection and ergotamine abuse is discussed.	2
Recent insights in the pathophysiological mechanism of these foreign body infections have elucidated the difficulty of achieving successful treatment without device removal.	2
Six weeks after withdrawal of the antituberculosis drugs and conservative management, the boy was clinically well and ten months later he remained well clinically and liver function tests, anti-DNA antibody and antinuclear factor tests were normal.	2
DISCUSSION: Gabapentin is widely used in the management of pain.	2
Ritonavir is a potent inhibitor of hepatic cytochrome P450, mainly the CYP3A4 isoform.	2
After treatment for five months on this therapy, he presented with new-onset atrial fibrillation.	2
T-cell receptor rearrangement analysis identified a monoclonal T-cell infiltrate.	2
Therefore, we recommend that physicians evaluate serum theophylline levels closely when prescribing the 2 drugs in combination.	2
The skin lesions were eczematoid patches, flaccid bullae and crusted plaques on the trunk and extremities, histologically showing a high epidermal blister with acantholysis.	2
A diagnosis of phenytoin toxicity was made and she was treated by withdrawing the medication.	2
Response rate did not appear to be influenced by age, sex, etiology, initial blood count, interval prior to ATG therapy, or dose of ATG employed.	2
In the light of a brief review of literature, a prospective study of akathisia and tardive dyskinesia seems justified.	2
Post-transplant lymphoproliferative disorder (PTLD) is associated with Epstein-Barr virus (EBV) and characterized by fever, lymphadenopathy, and graft dysfunction.	2
He has remained asymptomatic.	2
This study shows that PID patients are susceptible to BCG dissemination and demonstrates the importance of an early diagnosis for their prognosis.	2
Use of haloperidol infusions to control delirium in critically ill adults.	2
One RA patient and one AA patient have received rEpo as maintenance therapy for more than 64 and 100 weeks, respectively.	2
Four years after 2-CdA treatment, the patient has psoriasis on only 1% of his body surface area.	2
The patient was not obese.	2
CONCLUSIONS: We are unable to explain the exact mechanism of the observed RPE changes; however, they did not lead to loss of visual acuity.	2
Patients were vaccinated with BCG (Moreau strain) between 17 days and 4 months of age.	2
This agent is, however, associated with a rare but serious risk of lactic acidosis.	2
Bone marrow needle aspirate showed a normal trilineage differentiation.	2
Development of neuroleptic malignant syndrome (NMS) following discontinuation of high-dose and high-potency neuroleptic agents is described.	2
However, engraftment was not achieved.	2
To rule out fibrin sheath formation, catheter dye studies need to be obtained when fibrinolytic therapy has failed to restore catheter function.	2
From 2947 admissions with systemic lupus erythematosus 25 (0.85%) were diagnosed as having acute pancreatitis; 76% of cases had active systemic lupus erythematosus on presentation, with an average of 4.4 organ involvement, and a clustering of renal disease (56%), pleural effusion (48%) and arthritis (44%) in these patients.	2
She also developed hypotension that was thought to be caused by beriberi.	2
Acute GVHD developed at the end of therapy and the patient's leukemia went into remission.	2
We describe the development of severe lipoatrophy in a patient treated with biphasic aspart.	2
Recently lamivudine has been reported to be effective in suppressing the replication of HBV under such conditions.	2
Treatment of restenosis after bare-metal and drug-eluting stenting of an aorto-ostial lesion: challenges associated with excessive stent overhang.	2
This analytic procedure allows an exact calculation of the statistical variance at the final decision node using automated symbolic manipulation.	2
She died 10 days after treatment was begun.	2
Many surgeons are reluctant to use these devices because of the costs and the potential risks of inserting metallic or plastic elements into a septic joint.	2
However, possibly due to the bone marrow toxicity of the tuberculostatic drugs, the patient tolerated only low doses of cytostatic therapy.	2
Reteplase was administered with concomitant lepirudin.	2
Blood lead level was > 200 microg/dl.	2
Visual fields and tiagabine: a quandary.	2
Resting motor threshold (RMT), active motor threshold (AMT), MEP size, intracortical inhibition (ICI) and intracortical facilitation (ICF) were tested during and after suspension of hormonal therapy.	2
Renal pathologic findings were consistent with minimal change nephrotic syndrome (MCNS) showing extensive foot process effacement of visceral glomerular epithelial cells (podocyte).	2
Three cases are described in which periorbital topical corticosteroids appear to have resulted in raised intraocular pressure or glaucoma.	2
Patients receiving therapeutic immunosuppression for organ transplants have also reported to suffer from aspergillus osteoarthritis.	2
Removal of a well-fixed metal-metal hip resurfacing acetabular component.	2
Ganciclovir is a nucleotide-analogue similar to acyclovir, which has an in vitro activity against herpes simplex type 1, herpes simplex type 2 and varicella zoster virus.	2
Imatinib is a selective tyrosine kinase inhibitor which acts on breakpoint cluster region-Abelson fusion gene (BCR-ABL) positive leukemia including all phases of chronic myeloid leukemia and acute lymphoblastic leukemia.	2
Infections seem uncommon.	2
Erosive oral lichen planus (OLP) is a painful chronic inflammatory disease that is sometimes resistant to systemic or topical therapies.	2
Morphological findings on sural nerve biopsies revealed both axonal degeneration and segmental remyelination.	2
Pyomyositis was completely resolved following the surgical drainage and the antistaphylococcal antibiotic treatment.	2
A case report with comment on the toxicity of mebendazole.	2
When phenytoin was discontinued, valproate levels increased, and he progressively improved.	2
Pharmacokinetic interactions between medications can have clinically significant effects.	2
Small bowel haemorrhage due to cytomegalovirus vasculitis.	2
SMS treatment arrested progression of tumor growth only in patients in whom there was a reduction in gastrin and gastric acid secretion.	2
A case of Lactobacillus casei endocarditis that occurred on a Carpentier-Edwards porcine valve is reported.	2
Light microscopy of a renal needle biopsy specimen showed interstitial lymphoid cell infiltration, but no marked changes of the glomeruli and no staining for immunoglobulin or complement.	2
The patient who had been treated the longest and had received the highest total dose also had the highest SCE count.	2
By the time of treatment stabilization, the patient had not experienced any further fits.	2
With initiation of treatment, her pulmonary symptoms and radiographic and spirometric evidence of BO resolved.	2
The decrease in p(a)CO(2)induced by halothane may be explained by the diminished dead space that results from the drop in peak airway pressure.	2
This use for vancomycin, however, has not been studied in the laboratory to evaluate possible toxicities and side effects.	2
Their decreases in VAS scores were 86.5%, 85.7%, and 77.6%.	2
Urine volume ranged from 1,640 to 2,260 mL/24 hr, and serum creatinine level rose from 2.3 to 8.3 mg/dL.	2
Tonic status epilepticus presenting as confusional state.	2
We report a case of IVC filter thrombosis with associated vena caval obstruction successfully treated with catheter-directed thrombolysis and adjunctive mechanical thrombectomy.	2
Subsequent reversal was by intravenous administration of calcium chloride.	2
Biopsy of mediastinal lymphadenopathy revealed noncaseating granuloma.	2
Transarterial embolization given for hepatoma in a patient with Budd-Chiari syndrome resulted in hepatic infarction and inferior vena cava thrombosis.	2
Depression was not improved and she complained of fatigue, lack of energy and drowsiness.	2
Three infants with supraventricular tachycardia and congestive cardiac failure were given verapamil intravenously.	2
Progressive disseminated aspergillosis in a bone marrow transplant recipient: response with a high-dose lipid formulation of amphotericin B.	2
We recommend careful use of ifosfamide in patients pretreated with nephrotoxic chemotherapy and inadequate renal perfusion.	2
Diagnosis is made primarily by examination of the stool or intestinal secretions for ova and parasites.	2
Radiation pneumonia complicating adjuvant cytotoxic chemotherapy.	2
INTRODUCTION: The clinical pattern of corneal calcification has been considered to be a part of chronic eye diseases, such as uveitis, severe glaucoma, keratitis and eye burns.	2
Renin levels should be determined in all hypertensive children and their hypertensive parents.	2
Although pathologic confirmation of the cause was not possible, the potential for this alarming complication should be recognized by physicians prescribing epidural steroid therapy.	2
For those patients with a history of NMS, or even of isolated serum CK elevation during antipsychotic therapy, follow-up should be stricter.	2
METHODS: This is a case of angiosarcoma developing 5 years after curative therapy for T3N0 squamous cell carcinoma of the supraglottic larynx.	2
This infection was successfully eradicated after neutrophil recovery by prolonged systemic administration of amphotericin B as well as aggressive local therapy including enucleation of the affected eye.	2
Predisposing factors such as the use of corticosteroids, the concomitan presence of an autoimmune disease (pemphigus foliaceus) and an infection of ehrlichiosis caused by Ehrlichia canis were observed.	2
Because of the clinical state of acute pain associated with lack of or inadequate care to relieve the symptoms, some patients use self-medication.	2
CASE: A 33-year-old female, gravida 1, para 1, was treated with gonadotropin-releasing hormone agonist (GnRH-a) for three months prior to laparotomy and removal of a solitary, 5,190-g, pedunculated myoma.	2
To the best of our knowledge no comparable case and no discussion of possible complications of aspirin prophylaxis in patients with brain tumours have been published.	2
Polymyositis was diagnosed on muscle biopsy.	2
Ideally, a urethral bulking agent should be non-immunogenic and biocompatible, leading to minimal inflammatory and fibrotic response.	2
She was subsequently treated with various hormones to aid in conception and in sustaining pregnancy.	2
Adrenal crisis was assumed and during therapy with hydrocortisone infusion, the patient recovered.	2
A 22-year-old man presented with hematuria and was found to have a mass in his urinary bladder on computed tomography.	2
This article describes the interval appearance of malignant, linear-branching, microcalcifications during neoadjuvant chemotherapy for locally advanced breast cancer.	2
A study of the absorption and disappearance of dexamethasone from the circulation in response to a (1 mg oral dose indicated that the steroid was absorbed normally but was cleared more rapidly from the circulation of these two patients than from normal controls.	2
Tocolysis was initiated with oral ritodrine hydrochloride (15 mg/day) alone.	2
This therapeutic complication has been termed 'fat overloading syndrome' but bears a clinical similarity to post-traumatic fat embolism.	2
However, marked pruritic infiltration developed within 24 h, progressing to coalescing eczematous lesions over the following 2 days.	2
Initially, she was started on Pancrease MT 16, which was subsequently discontinued because fecal fat studies were normal and she seemed to do well on Nutramigen and vitamin supplements.	2
It is likely that the selective nephrotoxicity in these 3 patients with SIADH was induced by tetracycline.	2
Bone scan showed multiple areas of increased uptake consistent with osteomalacia and microfractures.	2
A study protocol to manage these patients within a multidisciplinary team including also specialists in infectious diseases and virologists is mandatory.	2
Thirty months after the start of chemotherapy, preleukemic changes were observed in peripheral blood and bone marrow, and acute nonlymphocytic leukaemia (M5 of the FAB classification) was diagnosed shortly afterwards.	2
OBJECTIVE: To report a case of Cushing's syndrome in an adult patient caused by prolonged and unsupervised use of glucocorticoid ocular drops.	2
In both cases, benefit of therapy with cetuximab could be demonstrated.	2
Addition of in vivo alemtuzumab to the conditioning regimen enabled 2- or 3-locus-mismatched hematopoietic stem cell transplantation with an acceptable incidence of graft-versus-host-disease.	2
Fat embolism in infancy after intravenous fat infusions.	2
Accordingly, a practical and safe approach to MAOI dietary restrictions remains an essential component of patient management.	2
While the true correlation remains unknown, allergic cross-reactivity may occur between sulfonamide antibiotics and non-antibiotics, such as loop diuretics.	2
It is a necrotizing inflammation of the cecum, colon, and the terminal part of the ileum.	2
This case report raises one more time the question about the safety of the LORA technique for labor analgesia.	2
Subsequent scheduled phenobarbital administration allowed for a successful and orderly weaning of the continuous benzodiazepine infusion and adjunctive agents used in AWS management.	2
A 53-year-old woman presented with an extensively metastatic and rapidly growing breast adenocarcinoma, markedly elevated lactate dehydrogenase, and mildly elevated blood urea nitrogen.	2
Prompt diagnosis using histology, serology, and PCR analysis allows prompt introduction of therapy and an improved prognosis.	2
The combined use of central nervous system depressant drugs, together with her problematic sleep apnea, and snoring (both contraindications for GHB use) were determined to have caused this subject's death.	2
The patient was treated with a combination of vibramycin and rifampicin for 5 months.	2
This is an endocrine emergency that can lead to respiratory failure, dysrhythmia, and death.	2
This case illustrated that 'maqianzi' can cause strychnine poisoning even after processing, especially when the recommended dose is greatly exceeded.	2
It must be distinguished from bilateral occipital lobe ischemia caused by vertebrobasilar system disease.	2
We report sporotrichoid spread of Mycobacterium marinum in a 37-year-old woman with Crohn's disease, who had been receiving infliximab infusions for 2 years.	2
After these 5 weeks of dosage increases, the INR became supratherapeutic for 3 weeks, resulting in a subsequent dosage decrease.	2
Two weeks before angioedema, the patient had started a new topical treatment with a gel containing 10% BP for acne.	2
He noticed nausea and headache and serum Na fell as low as 118 mEq/l.	2
Record et al. have recommended oral loading in selected patients.	2
Atypical facial pain or neuralgia and lower-half headache are confusing terms and should be discarded.	2
This is the first case where epoprostenol has been successfully reinstituted.	2
One-year follow-up showed no recurrence.	2
A prospective study is currently underway to determine if a clinically measurable adverse effect on retinal function is seen with greater frequency.	2
Vaccine-associated herpes zoster ophthalmicus [correction of opthalmicus] and encephalitis in an immunocompetent child.	2
After mirtazapine therapy was discontinued, serum sodium concentrations normalized.	2
Dental and craniofacial characteristics in a patient with leprechaunism treated with insulin-like growth factor-I.	2
On the 16th day of therapy, however, relative eosinophilia developed, and 2 days later a pruritic maculopapular rash appeared.	2
The cornea showed diffuse edema and a stromal ring infiltrate (disciform in appearance).	2
CT scan revealed infarction in the territory of the right middle cerebral artery.	2
This case indicates that C. indologenes infection can occur in diabetic children without ventilator or central venous catheter and might be treated with a single agent after in vitro susceptibility tests have been performed.	2
Ishihara color plates showed a marked, acquired color vision defect O.D., O.S.	2
Adrenal suppression and failure to thrive after steroid injections for periocular hemangioma.	2
METHODS: Review of medical records for 4 patients presenting retinochoroiditis and evidence of T. gondii infection.	2
We report a case of fatal C. neoformans fungemia in a neutropenic patient with a history of chronic lymphocytic leukemia treated with alemtuzumab.	2
After withdrawal of ibopamine and under continuation of all other concomitant medications her body weight continued to decrease during the following few days, her symptoms were alleviated and she was discharge to a nursing home.	2
Metoclopramide hydrochloride (Reglan) is a widely prescribed drug for treatment of upper gastrointestinal symptoms.	2
However, the toxicity profile of leflunomide in patients with underlying GVHD remains to be defined.	2
This drug is rapidly absorbed from the gastrointestinal tract, most of which is excreted from the kidney.	2
It has activity against both the positive and negative symptoms of schizophrenia, which has made it an alternative to traditional antipsychotic medications such as haloperidol.	2
After the surgery a Pet scan was positive for a hot-spot in the left colon.	2
Since toxicity develops with a remarkable delay, early removal of the drug (by hemodialysis) could possibly prevent central nervous toxicity.	2
Life threatening laryngeal toxicity following treatment with combined chemoradiotherapy for nasopharyngeal cancer: a case report with review of the literature.	2
This is the first report of successful utilization of the prepuce as a skin graft to reconstruct a full thickness skin necrosis due to a phenobarbital extravasation to the forefoot of a newborn.	2
Spinal epidural lipomatosis: a case study.	2
He was diagnosed with a viral syndrome, acetaminophen was prescribed, and he was sent home.	2
To avoid hyperuricemia and an acute attack of gout after RFA therapy for HCC, early identification of patients at risk is warranted, such as those with a large tumor, rapid tumor growth, and renal insufficiency, and preventative measures should be considered.	2
If associated with a prolonged QT interval, it is called torsades de pointes.	2
In one case the patient's reason for attendance was to obtain further supplies of analgesics.	2
These cases also suggest that the occurrence of RLS can cause noncompliance with antipsychotics in psychiatric patients, and thus aggravate their psychotic symptoms.	2
The our case of patient with von Willebrand's disease type I indicates that this drug is very effective in bleeding after teeth extractions.	2
Granulomas and Histoplasma organisms were found in the histologic sections of the marrow aspirate.	2
She required vasopressor therapy for intraoperative hypotension and developed severe headache immediately after administration.	2
Following diagnostic laparotomy she received intra-arterial 'lipiodolized' chemotherapy.	2
Bronchial anthracostenosis describes a disease entity consisting of bronchial destruction, deformity and stenosis related to dark pigmentation on bronchoscopy in patients with a history of coal workers' pneumoconiosis or chronic exposure to biomass smoke.	2
Diffusion-weighted magnetic resonance imaging showed a lesion in the posterior inferior cerebellar artery territory.	2
Ciliary beat frequency (CBF) was measured using video microscopy.	2
During two courses of cytostatic drug administration peak and trough plasma levels of phenytoin, carbamazepine, and valproate sodium were measured.	2
Three ovarian thecomas, which are considered to be estrogenic tumors, were associated with endometrial malignant mullerian mixed tumor, mullerian adenosarcoma, and low-grade stromal sarcoma in postmenopausal women.	2
Laboratory studies demonstrated eosinophilia, elevated serum IgE, and elevated T suppressor/cytotoxic cells in the peripheral blood.	2
Report of four cases and comparison with autoimmune hepatitis.	2
Treatment with topical antibiotic agents did not improve the symptoms.	2
A month later, he developed clinical and biochemical evidence of modest hepatocellular injury, and therapy was stopped.	2
Patients should be aware that this is a rare, albeit serious, complication of treatment with rituximab.	2
A 56-yr-old white female administered corticosteroids presented with left ear pain and facial swelling due to cervical subcutaneous emphysema from a diverticular perforation of the sigmoid colon.	2
Successful treatment of ventricular assist device associated ventricular thrombus with systemic tenecteplase.	2
There was one reported death.	2
This drug should be studied further for its effectiveness in the treatment of chronic pain.	2
Natamycin 5% and amphotericin 0.1% were started and continued for 8 weeks with resolution of the infiltrate and return of the best corrected visual acuity.	2
Hycanthone is an antischistosomal drug with promising antitumor activity against experimental animal tumors.	2
Our institution has also adopted a similar combined therapy protocol for patients with stage III and IV nasopharyngeal cancer and good performance status.	2
SS was diagnosed using the Hunter Criteria (use of multiple serotonergic drugs preoperatively, hypertonia, and spontaneous clonus) and was presumed to have been triggered by the combination of perioperative and intraoperative serotonergic medications.	2
Liver disease was diagnosed 12 +/- 4 years (range, 8-18) after initiation of antiretroviral therapy (ART).	2
Gentamicin alone may be nephrotoxic and should be given with particular caution to the elderly and those with even mild kidney abnormalities.	2
Systemic chemotherapy induced complete regression of the soft tissue lesion.	2
This patient was started on aminoglutethimide 6 days prior to radiation therapy, for painful bone metastasis.	2
Studies of porphyrin metabolism in patients treated with cyclophosphamide may help to elucidate this possibility.	2
The potential for severe toxicity in the setting of pediatric overdose should be recognized.	2
Based on 2 case presentations - acute renal failure (ARF) due to myeloma kidney and due to angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor administration in the presence of transplant artery stenosis - new aspects in the pathogenesis of ARF are presented and discussed.	2
10 months later all studied cells in the marrow contained this deletion.	2
Imazalil has been used to treat Alternaria infections of plant materials.	2
Electromyelography confirmed peripheral nerve injuries.	2
The case reports demonstrate that significant and potentially dangerous side effects from timolol maleate occur as a result of inadvertent overdosing.	2
We report a cytomegalovirus (CMV) IgG +ve 56-year-old patient who underwent autologous rescue with CD34(+) selected peripheral blood stem cells as part of consolidation therapy for multiple myeloma and subsequently developed CMV colitis.	2
The purpose of this study is to investigate the efficacy of tissue plasminogen activator (tPA) in the treatment of total hyphema following ocular trauma or intraocular surgery.	2
Other potential mechanisms for the drug interaction may also exist.	2
Close monitoring of INR is recommended, and warfarin dosage adjustment may be necessary.	2
Many organ systems may be affected.	2
We sought to evaluate the etiology of the long QT syndrome in these patients without previously identified causes for QT, prolongation, and determine the prevalence among patients with HIV infection.	2
This case draws attention to the association of long-term ergot dopamine agonist therapy with pleuropulmonary fibrosis, which can develop as late as 11 years after the initiation of therapy.	2
Immune thrombocytopenic purpura (ITP) was diagnosed, and she was treated with 40 mg of methylprednisolone per day for 19 days.	2
After 20 months of therapy on etanercept, his plaque psoriasis markedly improved, whereas both his fasting blood sugars and glycosylated hemoglobin A(1c) decreased.	2
This report describes the analytical techniques and significance of the zolpidem findings.	2
The infants in the other two reported cases also died, which suggests that TEN in early infancy has an extremely poor prognosis.	2
This article focuses on the methodological issues involved in choosing instruments to monitor behavior, once a comprehensive evaluation has suggested trials on Ritalin.	2
Astute nursing care is essential to prevent complications associated with this procedure.	2
Report of three cases and review of literature.	2
OBSERVATIONS: In both patients, at the time of the visual disturbances, macular edema was clearly observed by OCT.	2
Animal studies suggest that incontinence secondary to serotonergic antidepressants could be mediated by the 5HT4 receptors found on the bladder.	2
Thus, the risk appears to be confined to women over 50 because, in contrast, in women under 50 there was no statistically significant increase in the risk of endometrial carcinoma.	2
Side effects recurred with sequential dosage adjustments so that doses > 10 mg were not tolerated.	2
Acute lymphoblastic leukemia as a second malignancy following the treatment of medulloblastoma is a very rare condition.	2
We present a 60-year-old woman with anal cancer and liver metastasis.	2
Larger series and double-blind studies, however, are necessary to confirm the initial results.	2
Shortly after a meal, symptoms are associated with hyperglycemia (early dumping), followed by late dumping symptoms associated with reactive hypoglycemia.	2
A 5-year-old girl was admitted due to severe asthmatic attack.	2
Posterior leukoencephalopathy syndromes have been reported with hypertension, and immunosuppressive and chemotherapy agents.	2
This drug is a semisynthetic ergot alkaloid, one of a class of drugs that is associated with fibrotic disorders.	2
Relevant reports to the national Pharmacovigilance Centre were also examined.	2
The pathophysiology of the syndrome is unknown.	2
However, many patients who should receive or be offered preventive treatment are not.	2
Although weight gain often coincides with hyperglycemia in patients taking atypical antipsychotics, it does not seem to be a necessary causal factor.	2
Tracheal mucociliary transport velocity (MCTV) was measured by timing the movement of 4 microL of mucus across the trachea.	2
Because the maximum tolerated dose and pharmacokinetics of intravenous iron preparations are not known, their use in both adults and children should still be undertaken with caution.	2
Gabapentin may act directly upon temperature regulatory centers.	2
At the time of transplantation the patient was severely neutropenic.	2
The clinical diagnosis of lichen planus (LP) was confirmed by histology, which revealed hyperorthokeratosis, hypergranulosis, vacuolar degeneration of the basal layer cells and a dense, band-like lymphocytic infiltrate in the superficial dermis.	2
The melanocytes were strongly stimulated at the site of the freckles.	2
METHODS: This was a prospective, open-label study.	2
Rapid diagnosis may avert unnecessary changes in therapy to treat conditions which clinically mimic NEH.	2
A case of a female with advanced squamous carcinoma of the vagina is presented.	2
Continuous EEG recordings showed a burst-suppression pattern with bursts containing only generalized spikes accompanying myoclonic activity.	2
The increased use of cytostatic drugs, which are sometimes used in combination chemotherapy, may result in new and unusual cutaneous side effects.	2
During the treatment of hematological malignancies this could be a cause of great concern.	2
Early phase-II semi double-blind study of the new alkaline propanolamine derivative enciprazine (short communication).	2
The stellate ganglion lies medial to the scalene muscles, lateral to the longus coli muscle, esophagus and trachea along with the recurrent laryngeal nerve, anterior to the transverse processes and prevertebral fascia, superior to the subclavian artery and the posterior aspect of the plura, and posterior to the vertebral vessels at C7 level.	2
The clinical course of this case indicates that IFN therapy precedes IDDM.	2
The QT interval must be measured on the ECG in patients with unexplained seizures; "supraventricular tachycardia with aberration" is uncommon in children.	2
The optimal management of anthracycline extravasation remains unclear.	2
Sleep improvement in an insomniac patient with global pituitary insufficiency after change from triple to quadruple cortisol replacement therapy.	2
Spontaneous recovery accompanied a reduction in steroid treatment to a low level.	2
A review of four previously reported cases revealed that treatment with systemic glucocorticoid and CsA was effective for the DM and PnM.	2
Although the possibility of this interaction has been noted, no previously documented occurrence of this interaction has been identified.	2
A 42 year old male with gram negative pneumonia complicated by deep venous thrombosis was followed throughout his hospital stay and for two weeks following discharge.	2
Due to large chorioretinal scars the visual recovery was poor.	2
Treatment of acute leukaemia in adult Jehovah's Witnesses (JW) is challenging because of 'a priori' refusal of most physicians to apply diagnostic and therapeutic procedures to haematological abnormalities resembling acute leukaemia.	2
Streptococcus pneumoniae was more frequently eradicated in the azithromycin than in the ceftibuten group, whereas gram-negative bacilli were more susceptible to ceftibuten.	2
This is the first report on the use of charcoal haemoperfusion for acute poisoning in Australia.	2
Seizures were controlled by the anticonvulsive agent Dilantin (Pfizer, Khet Klongtoey, Bangkok) and she returned home without any permanent neurologic deficits.	2
CONCLUSION: Although BCG is considered a very effective treatment; consensus exists that not every patient with superficial bladder cancer should be treated with BCG due to its increased risk of toxicity.	2
Treatment of acute necrotizing pancreatitis (ANP) after TACE is the same as the accepted approach to ANP due to other causes.	2
Although not typical, this result was suspicious of tumor seeding, the more since the lesions appeared in gray matter areas outside the high-dose-rate irradiation field.	2
Possible causal mechanisms are discussed.	2
It is important to be aware of these rare complications, which are correlated with the prognosis.	2
He was taken to the emergency department and given intravenous methylprednisolone sodium succinate and intravenous diphenhydramine hydrochloride.	2
Seizure with single-pulse transcranial magnetic stimulation in a 35-year-old otherwise-healthy patient with bipolar disorder.	2
We also strongly draw the attention to the main preventive procedure against invasive fungal infection that is the correct management of antidiabetic therapy that prevents the predisposing temporary neutrophils activity deficit, contributing to a better survival rate of diabetic children.	2
A case may be made for the discontinuation of the usage of chloral hydrate.	2
The patient was discharged on the 8th postoperative week in good conditions.	2
We describe the current data on sorafenib and challenges faced in patients with HCC.	2
Awareness of this condition is important, because early recognition can prevent morbidity and lead to safe and effective treatment.	2
We report our experience with intrathecal administration of rituximab in a 10-year-old kidney allograft recipient with PTLD in the CNS.	2
A 22 year old female was admitted to hospital two hours after ingesting 4 g of dapsone.	2
Herein we present a case of adenomyosis in the broad ligament with unusual gross features.	2
The new drug had been added to the long-standing treatment with risperidone.	2
CONCLUSION: This case and the results of the analyses are in accordance with the described problems and results published earlier.	2
Clinical improvement has outlasted suppression of VIP secretion (suggesting an additional direct antisecretory action of SMS 201-995) and has occurred despite expansion of hepatic metastases.	2
Haptoglobin was undetectable.	2
Recently clinicians have begun to employ it in several oft label usages in children, especially behavioral syndromes.	2
The case is of interest for two reasons: it is very rare for a case of malignant osteopetrosis to survive until adulthood and to be aware of the potential dental and oral complications of the disorder.	2
Her physical appearance, elevated and relatively nonsuppressible plasma cortisol levels, and radiologic study supported a tentative diagnosis of Cushing's syndrome in a critically ill patient.	2
CONCLUSION: Oral mucositis is a frequent and potentially severe complication of cancer chemotherapy.	2
Liver biopsy was consistent with a drug-induced intrahepatic cholestatic reaction.	2
Rarely, liver synthetic function is sufficiently severe to warrant liver transplantation.	2
The authors describe two cases of paranoid confusional psychosis commencing 1 week after the patients' withdrawal from sympathomimetic amines.	2
However, because serious hematologic toxicity has been reported, we recommend caution in administration and careful monitoring of blood levels.	2
Limited data are available regarding this treatment in the pediatric population.	2
Combined thrombolytic therapy or therapy with a single agent with a long half-life and a prolonged infusion time is suggested as an emergent treatment option for prosthetic mitral valve thrombosis.	2
We believe that immunosuppression-induced pneumonitis in a lung allograft is a serious dilemma for lung transplant physicians	2
Rippling muscle disease is a rare autosomal dominant disorder that may occur sporadically.	2
Fatty diarrhea occurred after chemotherapy, probably owing to gland destruction by lymphomatous infiltration.	2
However, it is controversial whether progressive hepatic lesions develop in complete abstainers as a result of long-term cyanamide treatment.	2
CONCLUSIONS: VVR stimulates mucin secretion and MCTV in the LPS-inflamed ferret airway.	2
However, 35% of the case reports involve patients with other illnesses, including 12 patients who did not have neoplasms.	2
Mercury sensitisation: review, relevance and a clinical report.	2
A 43-year-old man presented suffering from decreasing vision in both eyes for 3 months.	2
Physical examination and laboratory data revealed no significant changes.	2
We observed an unexpectedly rapid rise in platelet counts with complete haematological recovery after a BEAM regimen, in a patient who could not be rescued by autologous transplant but who received filgrastim, epoetin alfa, and ancestim.	2
CMV reactivation is frequently observed in acute flares of ulcerative colitis (UC), particularly those which do not respond to intravenous steroids.	2
Ziprasidone as an augmenting agent in the treatment of anxiety-spectrum disorders.	2
Non-fatal mirtazapine overdose.	2
We report the case of a patient who experienced severe depressive symptoms after both the first and second course of treatment with a corticosteroid during chemotherapy and ultimately committed suicide.	2
Thrombotic microangiopathy associated with chemotherapy: case report and review of the literature.	2
We assume that the clinical picture was mainly dictated by flecainide intoxication.	2
METHODS: We present the clinical findings, pertinent laboratory data, and follow-up course of a patient with Graves' disease and bilateral sensorineural hearing loss.	2
Didanosine (ddl) was the most common ART drug being used by 4 patients.	2
The clinical relevance of HHV-6 infections in cancer patients undergoing conventional cytotoxic therapy is undetermined, however.	2
METHODS: We performed a retrospective review of ICD procedures performed at a single academic center and identified all ICD-related infections managed between 1983 and 2005.	2
The incidence of cerebellar toxicity approaches 30 percent, with irreversible ataxia reported in up to 16.7 percent.	2
Cerebral dural sinus thrombosis.	2
All three achieved complete remission, although one patient relapsed.	2
Prosthetic valve endocarditis (PVE) due to Legionella micdadei was diagnosed in a man a year after valve replacement with a bovine xenograft.	2
Despite vigorous therapy for the hyperthermia, he rapidly developed significant hypoxia requiring mechanical ventilation.	2
Since 1955, a number of phenothiazines had been tried, also with little improvement.	2
This is a rare complication of bypass surgery and may be a cause of recurrent angina postoperatively due to coronary artery steal.	2
The implications of this observation for the management of depression, particularly in patients with coexisting dementing illnesses, are discussed.	2
Yohimbine is a selective alpha-2 adrenergic antagonist that has been used in the pharmacologic management of erectile dysfunction (ED).	2
All-trans-retinoic acid (ATRA) has been proved to be an effective treatment for acute promyelocytic leukemia (APL), inducing remission in more than 90% of cases.	2
Most of these cases have been associated with the administration of chemotherapy or radiotherapy for CLL, suggesting that the former may be a secondary leukemia.	2
The clinicoradiologic features in this patient were consistent with posterior leukoencephalopathy, which is a rare complication of chemotherapy.	2
A challenge with clozapine was feasible and showed no clinical symptoms of eosinophilia.	2
This deterioration started 3 months post-treatment and worsened over the ensuing 4 years.	2
Therapeutic effect of intradermal injections with difucosyl lactosamine (dimeric Lex) on patients with rheumatoid arthritis.	2
started having backache, fever and became operatively.	2
The concentrations of olanzapine measured in this case were as follows (mg/L or mg/kg): 0.40 (heart blood), 0.27 (carotid blood), 0.35 (urine), 0.61 (liver), negative (cerebrospinal fluid), 0.33 mg in 50 ml (gastric contents).	2
Although immunosuppressive medications were rapidly tapered, neither patient could receive potentially curative therapy with unmanipulated donor-derived lymphocyte infusions (DLI) because of the substantial risk of severe GVHD.	2
A retrospective analysis using a bone marrow sample showed the presence of chimerism already at a time when the characteristic full clinical picture of graft versus host disease had not yet developed, opening the way for the early diagnosis and treatment.	2
The cycle of admissions was eventually broken by the intervention of a social worker, who provided structured non-medical support.	2
Intentional overdose with tiagabine: an unusual clinical presentation.	2
RESULTS: The suggested algorithm includes: 1) Supportive care and withdrawal of all potentially offending agents; 2) Laboratory evaluation with prompt initiation of treatment for both disorders--cyproheptadine for SS and dantrolene for NMS; 3) Do not use bromocriptine (contraindicated in SS) or chlorpromazine (contraindicated in NMS) initially; 4) Add bromocriptine when clinical presentation becomes consistent with NMS (SS can be prolonged if serotonergic agent has long half-life).	2
More recently, extrapyramidal side effects have gained importance because they are significant factors in both the patient's acceptance of the particular drug and his or her social adjustment.	2
Severe deterioration in cognitive function and personality in five patients with long-standing diabetes: a complication of diabetes or a consequence of treatment?	2
They also demonstrate the possibility of durable complete remission of post-ASCT PTLD following antiviral and immune modulating therapy.	2
Reciprocal chromosomal translocations involving the MLL gene at chromosome region 11q23 are recurring cytogenetic abnormalities in both de novo and therapy-related acute myeloid leukemia (AML) and in acute lymphoblastic leukemia.	2
A newborn infant born with fetal hydrops had recurrent supraventricular tachycardia (SVT) that required repeated successful conversion by transesophageal atrial pacing.	2
However, in some patients, pericardial inflammation resolves without progressing to chronic constrictive pericarditis.	2
Five days postoperatively, slitlamp biomicroscopy of the left eye showed an appearance similar to haze after photorefractive keratectomy, with greater density at the center and striae convergent toward the infiltrate (stage 4 diffuse lamellar keratitis [DLK]).	2
Hormonal, ultrasonographic, radioiodine scanning and fine needle aspiration findings were consistent with the diagnosis of Hashimoto's thyroiditis.	2
OBJECTIVE: We report two cases of lost seizure control associated with the generic substitution of carbamazepine, review pertinent literature, and discuss the impact of this substitution on patient care.	2
Examination revealed facial erythema and eczema, ectropion, blepharitis, chemosis, lid teleangectasia, and contact lens-related corneal edema.	2
This side effect appears to be a universal property of effective antidepressants, including this new, purely serotonergic agent.	2
After admission, he was found to have retrograde shunt infection from peritonitis caused by cholecystitis.	2
Phone followup was attempted.	2
This appears to cause immediate regression of the neovascular frond and allows time for the laser, which is applied subsequently to have its effect.	2
Treatment with low-molecular-weight heparin followed by a heparinoid resulted in slow healing of the ulcers but also allowed the subcutaneous interferon injections to be continued.	2
The "holiday heart" syndrome.	2
A case report.	2
Illness was severe in all three patients and one patient died even after initiation of doxycycline.	2
Skin histology revealed peri-follicular, peri-bublar and supra-bublar lymphocyte infiltration.	2
Clinical diagnosis was made on the confirmation of soft palate movements synchronous with an audible clicking noise.	2
Superior mesenteric vein thrombosis persisted, with evidence of early vascular recanalization.	2
Patients typically have generalized lymphadenopathy, fever, weight loss, skin rash, polyclonal hypergammaglobulinemia and autoimmune phenomena, and are susceptible to infections.	2
RESULTS: Three patients with histories of impotence experienced a return of sexual potency after treatment with fluoxetine.	2
Measurement of serum acyclovir levels substantiated the diagnosis in only a subset of patients.	2
Widespread dermatophyte infections that mimic collagen vascular disease.	2
Youssef's syndrome: an appraisal of hormonal treatment.	2
We conclude that prolonged l-asparaginase therapy in combination with an anthracycline might well be used in initial or consolidation therapy for childhood ALL.	2
The pharmacokinetic parameters for ifosfamide using model-independent methods were calculated: Vd = 0.23 l/kg, t1/2 = 4.8 h, and ClT = 3.30 l/h per m2.	2
We report a case of dermal alternariosis occurring in a woman treated with corticosteroids for dermatomyositis.	2
The DLK in this patient is delayed longer than typically reported in the literature.	2
When questioned, he denied taking any other drugs including other alternative medicine approaches or vitamin supplements, particularly retinoids, well known for causing severe nail dystrophy.	2
Outside the initial associated URTI and LRTI, no further viral pneumonia occurred.	2
Dementia with Lewy bodies (DLB) has been associated with important behavioural disturbances, such as psychotic symptoms.	2
We describe a case of acute gouty arthritis in a 71-year-old man with chronic renal failure who was treated with RFA for a HCC lesion and who had hepatitis B-associated cirrhosis and mild renal insufficiency.	2
Ultrasound examination confirmed the diagnosis and subsequent resolution of the thrombus.	2
The overall toxicity is substantially less than standard induction chemotherapy, with the notable exception of deaths attributed to the development of pulmonary leukostasis coinciding with a rapid increase in the number of mature neutrophils.	2
We discuss the implications for current diagnosis and management of HIV-associated pulmonary diseases.	2
A 47-year-old woman began treatment with cloxacillin due to acute cellulitis.	2
White clot syndrome and continuous arteriovenous haemofiltration.	2
Future prospective controlled trials are needed to determine the efficacy, safety, tolerability, and possibly the optimal dose and timing of rFVIIa administration.	2
Marginal crack after intravitreal bevacizumab for myopic choroidal neovascularization.	2
Infliximab, an anti-TNFalpha antibody, was given with the aim of treating an enterocutaneous fistula, but it also produced a marked biochemical and histological improvement in the TPN-related cholestasis.	2
A case of pelvic actinomycosis presenting as cutaneous fistula.	2
Five months after the catheter implantation melena occurred.	2
Iatrogenic central retinal vein occlusion and hyperviscosity associated with high-dose intravenous immunoglobulin administration.	2
Acute elevation of the ST segment in several ECG leads was observed in seven patients with bacterial shock during the course of therapy.	2
RESULTS: A complete response (CR) was obtained for all three patients, resulting in a response rate of 100%.	2
Two patients had elevated cone thresholds at least one year later.	2
Adjuvant therapy of bullous pemphigoid with mycophenolate mofetil: old drug, new use.	2
Endoscopy showed a normal colon, histopathology of random biopsies of all sections of the colon demonstrated the characteristic features of collagenous colitis.	2
The most common clinical presentation is fever secondary to a central line infection.	2
For this reason, especially, in the regions where G6PD enzyme deficiency is common, people should be informed about the side-effects of topical henna application and clinicians should be aware of these manifestations.	2
Complete remission was achieved, however, severe neutropenia, documented infection, stomatitis, and diarrhea were observed.	2
At the onset of nephrotic syndrome, the patient remained in a hematological remission.	2
Two patients received corticosteroids as well as parenteral nutrition during the course of their disease.	2
By comparing the length of the recurrence-free period following surgery alone with that following surgery plus perfusion in the same patients it was shown that perfusion treatment gave a significant extension of the recurrence-free time.	2
Laboratory abnormalities were initially attributed to chemotherapy toxicity.	2
Linear IgA disease (LAD) is characterized by circulating and tissue-bound IgA antibodies against heterogeneous antigens in the cutaneous basement membrane zone.	2
We report two cases of uncommon pathological reactions, one resembling a hypersensitivity pneumonitis and the other mimicking a giant cell interstitial pneumonia.	2
Renal biopsy showed diffuse proliferative glomerulonephritis with cellular crescents.	2
METHODS: 33-year old man with bilateral nonrhegmatogenous retinal detachment, misdiagnosed as uveitis, iatrogenically treated with systemic corticosteroids.	2
All of these have been able to reduce oral prednisone doses.	2
All patients had inadequate ACT measurements, despite conventional heparin dosage and ongoing clopidogrel treatment.	2
METHODS: Between 1990 and 2003, 218 patients underwent an all-polymethylmethacrylate, collar button-shaped KPro surgery.	2
Giant right atrial thrombi treated with thrombolysis.	2
Thiopurines such as azathioprine (AZA) and 6-mercaptopurine are frequently used for the treatment of inflammatory bowel diseases.	2
Bortezomib is the first anticancer proteasome inhibitor introduced into clinical practice.	2
During the past decade, NTX has been shown to be safe and effective in the treatment of pruritus associated with severe jaundice caused by severe and sometimes life-threatening cirrhosis and other liver diseases.	2
Chymopapain should have been released by the FDA on a Phase IV basis.	2
These cases suggest that marked acid reduction may predispose to esophageal candidial infection.	2
Blood sugar and A1c were finally stabilized one month after discontinuation of olanzapine (A1c,6.9%).	2
RESULTS: A 60-year-old woman with chronic active viral C hepatitis (HCV genotype = 3a) started IFN-alpha therapy in November '96.	2
METHODS: A 40-year-old patient developed painless corneal edema despite minimal epithelial injury after exposure to ushaar latex.	2
The case of a premature intra-uterine growth retardation (IUGR) infant, born from caesarean section to a mother with hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, low platelets (HELLP) syndrome, and admitted to NICU for low birth weight is reported.	2
Treatment of cavitary pulmonary zygomycosis with surgical resection and posaconazole.	2
The incidence of primary osteogenic sarcomas of the skull is about 1 to 2% of all skull tumors.	2
Here, we will describe three episodes of NMS that fulfilled the DSM-IV criteria for NMS (APA, 1994).	2
Autopsy revealed that the lung/bodyweight ratio was 0.0096 (>0.015) and pulmonary hypoplasia was noted.	2
Conversion of precursor cholecalciferol to the active form of hormone, 1,25-DHCC, requires intermediate hydroxylation by the liver.	2
Psoriasiform eruption induced by anticonvulsants.	2
We diagnosed BP by histopathological and immunofluorescence studies.	2
CONCLUSION: Administration of high-dose intravenous immunoglobulins can be associated with hyperviscosity syndrome manifested by central retinal vein occlusion.	2
In both cases, liver histology showed hepatocellular damage with inflammatory infiltration and microvesicular steatosis without fibrosis.	2
When she came to the emergency room her sodium concentration was 127 mmol/L.	2
Liver histology showed marked portal inflammation with lymphocytes, monocytes and eosinophils, associated with lobular inflammation (indicative of a histological pattern consistent with drug-induced hepatitis).	2
We report a 14-year-old boy with high risk medulloblastoma treated with craniospinal radiation followed by chemotherapy, who experienced severe HSOS after only one course of chemotherapy including carboplatin, vincristine, and cyclophosphamide.	2
The two patients underwent several courses of pulse corticosteroid therapy, each course consisting of three days of methylprednisolone 1000 mg daily, resulting in visual recovery to some extent.	2
All three patients had to have treatment discontinued because of side effects, in part contributed to by preexisting medical problems, appeared.	2
Data are presented to show that atopic cataracts and steroid cataracts can be similar in appearance and cannot be distinguished from one another in many cases.	2
During this time, she was exposed to chickenpox.	2
Endocrinologically speaking, three of them had "Hashitoxicosis", while the other had silent lymphocytic thyroiditis.	2
Serum creatine kinase (CK), liver function tests and a light microscopy muscle biopsy were performed on all of them.	2
Two days prior to admission to the CIU, he had been given 25 mg of fluphenazine decanoate injection intramuscularly in addition to his regular psychotropic regimen of thioridazine and haloperidol after reportedly making several verbal threats and displaying aggressive behavior toward the personnel at the group home where he resided.	2
CONCLUSION: It is important to elucidate the precise nature of new onset hearing loss in patients receiving iron chelation therapy, in order to avoid unnecessary cessation of much needed medication, on the assumption of ototoxicity.	2
Seventeen months after recovery, the patient was rechallenged with ART without recurrence of lactic acidosis.	2
Diagnosis of invasive aspergillosis of the gut was based on abdominal pain, galactomannan antigenemia and isolation of Aspergillus fumigatus from the stool and was later confirmed by pathohistologic examination.	2
Opioid use in HIV patients with neurological changes.	2
Persistent idiopathic facial pain following dental implant placement: a case report.	2
The skin lesions healed over the next month.	2
This report describes the development of multiple-site, biopsy-proven osteonecrosis in a patient with small-cell bronchogenic carcinoma who had received chemotherapy and short-term administration of corticosteroid.	2
Although this is an intriguing hypothesis, any causative role of etanercept remains unproven at this stage.	2
Torsade de pointes occuring due to a long QT interval is a rare but potentially fatal arrhythmia.	2
After three days of salicylate therapy her LFT values began to rise.	2
Finally, irinotecan therapy was initiated and led to dramatic clinical improvement.	2
Delayed onset diffuse lamellar keratitis following enhancement LASIK surgery.	2
A causal relationship is strongly suggested by the mode of onset, the absence of a previous history of catatonia, and the rapid resolution of the syndrome within 72 hours of discontinuance of the disulfiram therapy.	2
Fundoscopic examination revealed only hypertensive retinopathy.	2
The absence of eosinophils does not exclude the possibility of a minocycline cause.	2
Quetiapine in relapse prevention in alcoholics suffering from craving and affective symptoms: a case series.	2
Silvadene cream and Sulfamylon make up the treatment regimen for one contributor (Dr.	2
The ECG pattern of BS has also been described in patients with myocardial abnormalities.	2
This patient's ectropion and facial eczema may have been confounded by ocular rosacea.	2
Although this can be coincidental, it can also suggest that the basis of a thrombus may dissolve first with any, including oral, anticoagulation.	2
CONCLUSION: Intravitreal rituximab at a dose of 1 mg does not appear to cause toxicity in rabbit eyes and in the five eyes of three patients.	2
A review of the medical literature indicates that the optimal treatment for acute beta-blocker toxicity is intravenous glucagon.	2
In view of the close time association between the start of chemotherapy and the acute onset of massive embolism other explanations, such as spontaneous necrosis, must be considered less likely.	2
One patient died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound.	2
A Chinese female with 10 years' history of a special form of tardive dystonia (Pisa syndrome) is described.	2
A woman with Cushing's syndrome after use of an Indonesian herb: a case report.	2
Myocardial infarction is rare in pregnancy.	2
Rheumatoid arthritis after 9 years of human immunodeficiency virus infection: possible contribution of tritherapy.	2
The dose of fluorouracil in the second cycle was increased to 400 mg/m(2)/d continuous infusion over 5 days.	2
Our report lends further support to the assumption that COX-2 inhibitors, as a class, can be as nephrotoxic as their nonselective predecessors.	2
Eight patients had elevated alkaline phosphatase, 4 elevated IgG and one elevated IgA.	2
This report suggests the importance of searching for the presence of C. difficile and its toxin in patients with diarrhea after undergoing cancer chemotherapy since C. difficile may cause severe colitis.	2
(1) Acute rehabilitation of a 63-year-old woman with rheumatoid arthritis after replacement of both preexisting knee endoprostheses in one session and removal of the left hip endoprosthesis due to infection and sepsis.	2
Within the mandibular canal, the IAN runs forward in company of the inferior alveolar artery, and together they are called the inferior alveolar neurovascular bundle.	2
RESULTS: DWI of all patients revealed well-demarcated hyperintense lesions within the subcortical white matter corresponding to areas of restricted proton diffusion on ADC maps.	2
Bisphosphonates (eg, alendronate) are also indicated in the treatment of osteoporosis.	2
Combined occlusion of the central retinal artery and central retinal vein is an infrequently encountered clinical entity.	2
The patient was doing well at 6 months follow-up.	2
CASE SUMMARY: A 42-year-old African American woman with metastatic breast cancer developed progressive disease.	2
Lymph node biopsy showed almost complete effacement of the nodal architecture with diffuse proliferation of small vessels forming an arborizing network, surrounded by atypical lymphocytes, usually CD3+ CD4+ and occasionally CD3+ CD8+.	2
The identification and quantitation procedures of zolpidem in postmortem tissues included dual-column gas chromatography (GC) with nitrogen-phosphorus detection and GC-mass spectrometry.	2
The second organism has not previously been reported in a subphrenic abscess.	2
The patient was successfully treated with medical management and insertion of an implantable cardioverter defibrillator.	2
Nitrogen-oxygen saturation therapy in serious cases of compressed-air decompression sickness.	2
The patient was hospitalized and chelated with EDTA four times over the next 5 years; each time he felt better at the end of his treatment, but he returned to largely the same working conditions.	2
A patient with adenocarcinoma of the prostate with bone metastases experienced dyspnea possibly related to the ingestion of these tablets.	2
Patients with metastatic breast adenocarcinoma showed complete responses in both treated nodules after ECT.	2
All patients had previous mucocutaneous reactions to chrysotherapy.	2
This case report illustrates how pharmacodynamic properties of drugs can complicate the treatment of neurologic disorders.	2
Moreover, the IgG subclasses in glomerular deposits and the presence of chimeric renal cells were studied.	2
A unique case of transient, profound paralysis after epidural steroid injection is reported here.	2
All-trans retinoic acid has recently been shown to induce differentiation of acute promyelocytic leukemia cells in vitro and in vivo.	2
RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: An in vitro exploration of cytokine production by peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) from the reported case was performed and compared with the same explorations of PBMC from three nondiabetic subjects and three diabetic patients without lipoatrophic lesions.	2
She was initially managed with palliative nephrectomy, which was followed by rapid postoperative deterioration.	2
Polymyositis masquerading as mitochondrial toxicity.	2
The atypical antipsychotics have advanced the treatment of schizophrenia and have proved to be effective agents in treating other disorders with or without psychotic features.	2
We propose that hypersexuality on antiparkinsonian drugs is consequent to inhibition of prolactin secretion.	2
It was presumed that the upbeating nystagmus in this case was elicited from the lesion of the anterior vermis of the cerebellum and/or its connections.	2
No published reports, however, exist of exfoliative disease after treatment with levofloxacin.	2
Moreover, chronic GVHD-related liver injury was noted at the time of this episode.	2
ECG showed marked ST elevations consistent with acute myocardial infarction.	2
Immune reconstitution inflammatory syndrome should be considered in the differential diagnosis of unexplained vulval ulceration that arises after starting HAART.	2
There was neither a rise in haemoglobin nor a reduction in transfusion dependence in any of the other patients.	2
This case report describes two patients with acute obstetric disseminated intravascular coagulation in whom the use of heparin resulted in marked clinical improvement.	2
Only after 3 months of treatment with two investigational topical products, which are now available to the public, was the dermatitis resolved and complete healing achieved.	2
The mechanism of the electrocardiogram changes was considered to be caused by the two drugs synergistic sodium channel blocking effects.	2
Essential thrombocythemia (ET) is an uncommon myeloproliferative disorder, which is thought to develop from a multipotent stem cell.	2
Most patients showed some element of dose dependency between antiparkinsonian drugs and the hypersexual behavior.	2
Two cases of malignant hyperthermia (MH) are presented.	2
CASE: A patient was admitted to hospital with preterm contractions and cervical insufficiency at 28 weeks of gestation.	2
We suggest the use of trihexyphenidyl in combination with isoprinosine in patients with subacute sclerosing panencephalitis with myoclonic seizures refractory to valproic acid.	2
A rebound in levels of intercellular antibodies usually followed their depletion but could be minimized or completely suppressed by administration of cyclophosphamide.	2
Valproic acid is commonly and effectively used in the treatment of idiopathic generalized epilepsies, including juvenile absence epilepsy.	2
One patient with blebitis progressed to culture-positive endophthalmitis.	2
He quit smoking after 1 week of therapy and remained smoke free for the next 17 days.	2
Up to now, however, its healing effect on bronchiectasis has never been demonstrated.	2
Before FAB therapy was started, the total serum DGTX concentration was 535 nmol/l.	2
We also review the literature describing the spectrum of clinical findings due to intraocular blastomycosis.	2
There is no study on the incidence rate among children with systemic malignancies.	2
Asthma and dental erosion.	2
Sexual dysfunction secondary to antidepressant drugs is an under-recognized clinical problem, and likely an important factor in noncompliance with treatment.	2
Cat-scratch disease, primarily caused by Bartonella henselae, typically presents with regional adenopathy, and the role of antibiotics in the treatment is debatable.	2
Individual pharmacokinetics were assessed using Bayesian analysis.	2
Diagnosis of Churg-Strauss syndrome was confirmed both by characteristic clinical features and by histology.	2
Diagnosis requires CT scan and direct aspiration and culture of the liver abscess.	2
RESULTS: The 3 patients were men, aged 39, 42, and 43 years.	2
Mecamylamine in Tourette's syndrome: a two-year retrospective case study.	2
Azithromycin has been shown to be beneficial in several diseases with chronic neutrophilic inflammation of the airways, such as cystic fibrosis and bronchiolitis obliterans syndrome (BOS) after lung transplantation.	2
Blood pressures continued to increase, however, and late postpartum eclampsia developed.	2
DESIGN: Descriptive case series.	2
Dopamine agonists (DA) have been associated with pathological gambling (PG) and other compulsive behaviors in Parkinson's disease (PD).	2
Tolerance of sunitinib in dialyzed patients with metastatic renal cell carcinoma.	2
During hospitalization the patient developed hemolytic anemia (Coombs positive) and lung metastases.	2
Erosive gastroduodenitis with marked epithelial atypia after hepatic arterial infusion chemotherapy.	2
In addition, the development of tardive dyskinesia and its subsequent amelioration with a depot form of a high-potency neuroleptic are discussed in relation to these disorders.	2
Fatal hypoglycemia after cytotoxic chemotherapy: a report of two cases and a review of the literature.	2
METHODS: Exploratory surgery was performed to remove the mass, and histologic and microbiologic studies were conducted.	2
None had previously recognized acquired causes of QT, prolongation.	2
Lithium for irritability in post-traumatic stress disorder.	2
Neurological manifestations in patient 1 could be due to hypertension secondary to IVPMP, while the pathogenesis of such manifestations remained difficult to clarify in patient 2.	2
All the patients presented with severe retrosternal pain worsened by swallowing food and drink, and in every case fibre-optic endoscopy revealed ulceration of the midoesophagus.	2
Catheter occlusion by calcium carbonate during simultaneous infusion of 5-FU and calcium folinate.	2
Calcium-channel blockers are useful for the treatment of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM), but, their adverse effects, especially, those of diltiazem, have not been of much concern.	2
Phenobarbital treatment in a patient with resistant alcohol withdrawal syndrome.	2
He presented with arthralgias, uveitis and respiratory insufficiency and developed hyperuricemic renal failure upon institution of treatment.	2
In 3 of the 5 patients (60%) at 12 months after treatment, plasma cell dyscrasias could not be detected.	2
Biopsies taken at the time revealed a dense inflammatory infiltrate consistent with an abscess.	2
The patient was diagnosed and treated for Drug Reaction with Eosinophilia and Systemic Symptoms (DRESS), a syndrome of fever, rash, and internal organ involvement secondary to medication administration.	2
Adjuvant corticosteroid sparing therapy can also be associated with significant morbidity.	2
This observation illustrates that a coved ST-segment elevation in the right precordial leads should not be, systematically, regarded as a marker of a specific syndrome, but may also reflect a common electrical manifestation of abnormalities in the right ventricle or pericardium.	2
In the highly active antiretroviral therapy era, an increasingly large number of HIV-infected patients are developing non- AIDS-defining cancers (NADCs).	2
The patient had a history of environmental allergies.	2
CASE REPORT: A 44-year-old white man with a 23-year history of undifferentiated schizophrenia and obsessive-compulsive behavior had been treated with clozapine and clomipramine for several years.	2
Inflammatory changes were observed in four out of nine patients on HAART and in one out of 19 patients not on HAART.	2
Imaging findings were compatible with left maxillary, ethmoidal, and sphenoidal sinusitis.	2
DATA SOURCES: Case studies, abstracts, and research publications identified in MEDLINE and bibliographic review.	2
We review in clinical detail the fifth case reported from North America, involving a child with extensive central nervous system involvement.	2
Administration of hydrocortisone reversed the mental status changes seen in this patient.	2
It has only been described in 10 case reports since 1989.	2
Acute renal failure (ARF) is an uncommon complication in children with nephrotic syndrome.	2
Investigation of the cause of death in a gene-therapy trial.	2
Adverse events with anti-epidermal growth factor receptor therapy mainly involve the skin.	2
Relatively high levels of morphine-6-glucuronide were measured and all symptoms resolved promptly as the concentration of this metabolite declined.	2
Antimicrobial treatment was changed to tigecycline and continued for suspected pleural space infection.	2
AIMS: To investigate a worker who experienced systemic and respiratory symptoms when exposed to a vanadium containing powder used as a catalyst in the production of maleic anhydride.	2
The microbiology culture was negative.	2
Improvement and deterioration in systolic function on echocardiogram and serum B-natriuretic peptide levels were seen while receiving ATRA 1 week on and 1 week off, respectively, during the maintenance phase of therapy.	2
Gold and sulfur could not be demonstrated in glomerular epimembranous deposits.	2
The patient presented with a decrease in visual acuity and pain 2 days after the procedure.	2
Therefore, careful handling of the conjunctiva with a nontoothed forceps is essential.	2
We describe a possible drug interaction between these two drugs and recommend that they should only be used together with caution.	2
In half of the above cases, symptoms resolved without the use of antipsychotics.	2
Four patients were treated with acyclovir, but three were given suboptimal doses.	2
No direct thrombin inhibitor has a proven advantage; therefore, selection may depend on clinical factors.	2
One with stable chronic renal failure due to reflux nephropathy underwent a rapid deterioration of renal function which proved fatal.	2
If there are inconsistencies between levothyroxine products, resultant deleterious effects on the therapeutic stability of patients with hypothyroidism may undermine cost savings that might be incurred by such a change.	2
Surgery was successfully performed after infusion of 112 microg kg-1 bw of recombinant FVIIa.	2
Histologically, we diagnosed this case as having pre-cirrhotic nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH).	2
This paper investigated the relationship between measurable personality factors and level of effects shown to cyclazocine and placebo in a controlled study.	2
Remissions following treatment of individual lesions varied from one month to at least three years.	2
Cisapride enhances detrusor contractility and improves micturition in a woman with lazy bladder.	2
In conclusion, TVUS can fail to detect cancers if the endometrial lining is not enlarged.	2
The patient was hospitalized and treated with a bolus as well as continuous infusion of intravenous magnesium sulfate.	2
This report describes a case of fatal haemolytic uraemic syndrome (HUS) developing in a child with acute lymphoblastic leukaemia (ALL) during induction chemotherapy.	2
Lupus erythematosus (LE) and antinuclear antibody (ANA) tests were negative.	2
Management included successful treatment with a prolonged course of antibiotics, including ciprofloxacin, neurosurgical drainage and long-term immunoglobulin supplements.	2
Tularemia--an unusual cause of a solitary pulmonary nodule in the post-transplant setting.	2
With drug rechallenge two days later, ventricular tachycardia recurred within minutes.	2
TREATMENT AND OUTCOME: The mare was treated with gabapentin (2.5 mg/kg [1.1 mg/lb], PO, q 12 h).	2
The eighth exhibited concentric constriction.	2
Hepatitis B virus reactivation in a patient undergoing steroid-free chemotherapy.	2
Toxic epidermal necrolysis (TEN), or Lyell's syndrome, is a fulminant bullous dermatitis.	2
How safe is our blood transfusion?	2
A low frequency, high amplitude rhythmic fluctuation of laser-Doppler skin blood flow after subarachnoid phenol block.	2
Through a literature search, we were able to identify 4 additional cases of therapy-related AML in AIDS patients following chemotherapy for lymphomas.	2
Neurotoxicity occurs most often with intermittent high dose 5-FU as bolus injection or 24- to 48-h infusions.	2
All were over 45 years of age, and premorbid kidney abnormalities may have enhanced susceptibility to toxic effects of the drug.	2
A 42-year-old woman was admitted to the hospital to receive intravenous acyclovir for a herpes zoster infection.	2
Although numbness of the left arm was not improved, her overall pain score was reduced by 2 on the 7th day after the start of SKT.	2
RATIONALE: Taking psychotropic medications is frequently problematic from both consumers' and caregivers' perspective.	2
It is associated with localized, sometimes extensive necrosis of the skin.	2
This article does not question the efficacy of the V.A.C. technique in the treatment of difficult wounds, but focuses on raising the index of suspicion of toxic shock syndrome in patients with wounds managed with the V.A.C. who develop early signs or symptoms that may be consistent with the diagnosis.	2
We present a unique case of extensive BRONJ involving the maxilla, sinuses, and skull base, complicated by sinusitis and an intracranial abscess.	2
All patients experienced an increase in hematocrit level.	2
Hospitalized patients with HIV disease (n = 42) during this same period, demonstrated an increased prevalence of QT, prolongation (28.6%, P = 0.002).	2
Two patients became culture-negative for S. oslo on treatment with this combination.	2
Generally, patients in treatment with isotretinoin avoid eventual pregnancy during assumption and, after its stopping, fertility and foetal development are normal once circulating isotretinoin levels return to normal.	2
Glucocorticoids may have many side effects, and therefore their use should always be carefully considered.	2
All eyes had conjunctival congestion and mild to severe corneal edema with Descemet's folds.	2
RESULTS: Topiramate was discontinued.	2
There were no perioperative or long-term complications of the single-pass technique.	2
Clonidine, oral and patch, has been used in adults for the treatment of hypertension and Tourette's Syndrome.	2
Survival of patients with AL amyloidosis is no more than 1 to 2 years from the time of diagnosis with current management approaches.	2
Amlodipine and the nitroglycerin patch were discontinued and propafenone decreased to 450 mg/d; citalopram was continued at 20 mg/d.	2
Because of his chronic diarrhea, this patient underwent colonoscopy, which revealed diffuse erythematous mucosa, multiple ulcers, exudate, and pseudopolyps with a diffuse loss of vascularity.	2
Blood cultures from the patient and from the plateletpheresis component were both positive for the presence of Streptococcus agalactiae.	2
Her systemic therapy was initiated at a time when her tumor burden was possibly relatively low and a good response to the aggressive combination chemotherapy including Daunomycin was obtained.	2
In the other patient, who was admitted with an inferior infarction and underwent PTCA after i.c. lysis, no infarct extension was observed.	2
Following a closed mitral valvotomy, she received quinidine, 1.2 g/day, without interruption for 17 years.	2
These may include 1) symptoms or history of mood spectrum disorder, 2) history of psychosis, 3) female sex, 4) family history of psychiatric disorder.	2
It is important for clinicians to recognize beta-lactam-induced leukopenia and maybe recommend use of a drug from a different antibiotic class if continued treatment is indicated.	2
Her mood improved significantly.	2
Scleromyxedema is a dermatologic disorder associated with a monoclonal gammopathy and neurologic manifestations.	2
Moreover, the disease invariably recurs in the graft kidney and causes graft failure.	2
Despite poor prognostic factors and extensive white matter lesions, the patient recovered dramatically with no need for maintenance steroid therapy.	2
These idiosyncratic reactions may be transient and do not always necessitate drug discontinuation.	2
Two of the four patients with pseudomembranous colitis did not promptly respond to therapy, and all four suffered significant further immobilization because of the disease.	2
Approximately 70% of the cases manifested as inflammation of internal organs or tissues and 30% manifested as a dermatitis or mucositis.	2
Nitrofurantoin is commonly used to treat urinary tract infections during pregnancy.	2
This report demonstrates that PET scintigraphy might be a helpful tool in the early diagnosis of drug-induced pulmonary toxicity.	2
This case study highlights the different pharmacological agents for treating tachyarrhythmias in a patient with WPW syndrome.	2
To the best of our knowledge, this is the first report of 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D-mediated hypercalcemia caused by PCP in a renal transplant recipient.	2
When olanzapine was held, the signs and symptoms improved and then returned with rechallenge of olanzapine.	2
Palatal tremor (formerly palatal myoclonus) is an extremely rare, but potentially treatable cause, of objective tinnitus.	2
While exclusion of any bacterial infection and screening for tuberculosis are mandatory before initiating a therapy with anti-TNF-alpha-antibodies, there are no guidelines whether to screen for or how to deal with chronic viral infections such as hepatitis B.	2
We present a 49-year-old woman with refractory myofascial pain of many years duration who developed subacromial impingement syndrome (SIS) following a series of botulinum toxin injections to the bilateral upper trapezii.	2
The patient is currently under treatment with prednisone 20 mg/day for systemic lupus erythematosus and with oral mesalazine 2.4 mg/day for Crohn's disease.	2
The epiphyseal myeloid cells were reduced or sometimes eliminated during id injection.	2
Studies with a plant fungicide, imazalil, with vapor-phase activity, in the therapy of human alternariosis.	2
It should therefore be instituted in good time in potentially life-threatening cases of intoxication.	2
Rituximab, a chimeric mouse/human monoclonal antibody that binds to the CD20 antigen, is part of current treatment of many B-cell malignancies and several autoimmune diseases.	2
A skin biopsy examined by light and electron microscopy showed no morphological abnormality in the sweat glands.	2
Only 13 SLE patients with AMI caused by coronary artery aneurysms have been reported, 11 of whom were young or middle-aged women and the 2 remaining were young men.	2
Clinicians should be aware of this risk and ask about it during routine clinic follow-up for spasticity.	2
Cytomegalovirus is a common infection worldwide and in the immunocompromised individual it can be a major cause of morbidity and mortality.	2
Recent chickenpox contact should initiate VZV serologic studies in Reye syndrome patients, regardless of the chickenpox history or evidence of infection with other viruses.	2
The average time of presentation was 17 days after LASIK (range, 7-34).	2
Following an initially uncomplicated recovery, he developed symptomatic hyponatremia.	2
OBJECTIVE: To report four patients with antinuclear antibody-positive migratory arthralgias and acute inflammation unrelated to the underlying inflammatory bowel disease, fulfilling the criteria of a drug-induced lupus-like syndrome.	2
Ocular motor and imaging abnormalities of midbrain dysfunction in osmotic demyelination syndrome.	2
This constellation of biochemical abnormalities mimic Type 5 Bartter's syndrome, where there is activating mutation of the calcium sensing receptor in the thick ascending loop of Henle and the distal tubule.	2
Doctors should be aware of the possible ocular side effects of methylphenidate.	2
The possible pathogenic mechanisms leading to this adverse reaction in this patient are also discussed, and pathophysiologic hypotheses are formulated.	2
An acquired form of sideroblastic anemia has been described in association with several drugs, especially anti-microbial agents.	2
Our patient was a 32-year-old man who tested positive for HCV in July 1997.	2
Practicing gastroenterologists and intensivists alike need to be aware of the potential for serious pulmonary sequelae with the use of combination therapy for chronic hepatitis C viral (CHCV) infections.	2
Two of the patients were infected with human immunodeficiency virus.	2
Lithium has been reported to raise serum calcium and lower serum phosphate concentrations and to increase urinary calcium excretion.	2
A woman who had a deep scar on her left arm as a result of an influenza vaccination was treated with insulin.	2
After 1 week, HPA axis function was markedly improved.	2
A 32 year-old woman developed generalised lichenoid eruptions on her body followed by diffuse loss of scalp hair of the anagen effluvium type.	2
IMPLICATIONS FOR NURSING PRACTICE: With any new treatment option, it is imperative that nurses understand how agents work to enrich their own knowledge base, as well as have a strong foundation for patient education.	2
UFT has been used in Japan, other Asian countries, South America, and Russia.	2
As of May 28, 2004, to our knowledge, this is the first reported case of rhabdomyolysis following C. mukul ingestion.	2
Symptoms correlated with an increase in alkaline phosphatase and with bone scintigraphy findings.	2
His AFP was initially 9828 microg/L and rapidly dropped to 5597 microg/L in ten days after oral sorafenib treatment.	2
At five years of age elevated serum and urinary androgen levels unsuppressible with dexamethasone were noted.	2
Serum antidiuretic hormone (ADH) remained elevated at 0.59 pg/ml in spite of a significant reduction in serum osmolality to 254 mosm/kg.	2
Oral chemical burns caused by self-medication in a child: case report.	2
Severe neutropenia due to chemotherapy was the most relevant risk factor.	2
Three weeks later he died of Clostridium septicum sepsis caused by necrotizing enterocolitis.	2
We conclude that using hemoperfusion is an effective modality which may be used as an adjunct to supportive therapy when there is a need to increase the body clearance of chloramphenicol.	2
ATT had to be stopped because of this adverse drug reaction.	2
The serum concentration of cerivastatin showed that the half-life of cerivastatin in this patient was 22.4 h, compared with 2.4 h for normal controls.	2
Although the blood pressure remained normotensive, renal biopsy showed thrombosis of the polar arterioles and glomerular capillaries.	2
Patients must be instructed to recognize early symptoms of this severe infection and call the surgeon immediately.	2
Eleven milliliters of clear yellow fluid was collected via abdominocentesis.	2
We report three young Chinese male patients who underwent aortic valve replacement for severe aortic regurgitation of subacute onset, complicated by recurrent dehiscence of the aortic valve prosthesis, due to aortitis.	2
Case study: This middle aged Malaysian man presented complaining of painful gums for a few months.	2
Three patients (APML = 1 and ALL = 2) are still alive and disease-free.	2
Transthoracic or better transoesophageal echo-cardiography and Doppler are by far the most accurate diagnostic tools that can entirely replace angiographic assessment.	2
The vancomycin concentration was decreased from 101 mg/l to 16.59 mg/l at the end of the procedure.	2
An apparent breed susceptibility of Collie dogs was observed.	2
Some cases run a chronic severe course and fail to respond to local and systemic therapy.	2
We describe a 28-year-old man with stage IV-B Hodgkin's disease who developed an adenocarcinoma of the colon after treatment with combination chemotherapy.	2
Early recognition and aggressive treatment are necessary for patient survival.	2
This case reminds physicians to correlate the ancillary study results with the patient's clinical presentation and stability.	2
Other risk factors for prolonged QT interval such as underlying cardiac abnormalities, electrolyte disturbances, and concurrent medications should be sought, and all patients should be monitored with serial ECGs even when methadone doses remain stable.	2
Antiandrogen treatment of aggressivity in men suffering from dementia.	2
These patients appear to have experienced "spontaneous" hypertensive episodes temporally related to the ingestion of the MAOIs.	2
On that occasion, routine laboratory tests, including a complete blood count, blood chemistry and liver function tests, were within normal limits.	2
A 33 year old male Nigerian presented with widespread involvement of peripheral nerves, several of which were tender and painful.	2
Angioedema is more common in females and in the third decade of life.	2
They conclude that the vascular surgeon should be aware of this possibility and that oral anticoagulants should be used very carefully in the "medical" management of cholesterol embolization.	2
Potential predisposing factors.	2
Perhaps rashes during infectious mononucleosis in association with other antibiotics are actually more common, but just not recognized.	2
Vinblastine was excluded from the new regimen.	2
In this case, immediate discontinuation of the chemotherapeutic agent apparently reversed the patient's symptoms and findings on MRI.	2
We report a case culture-negative interface abscess following LASIK that was successfully treated with antibiotics and povidone iodine.	2
Except for 3 mild infections around the catheter exit site, there have been no complications of this therapy is 58 cumulative patient weeks.	2
The crystalline lens was clear.	2
The incidence of similar cases seems to increase.	2
Porphyria cutanea tarda, a metabolic disorder of heme biosynthesis, is characterized by cutaneous hyperpigmentation, facial hypertrichosis, dark urine, and a distinctive pattern of excess porphyrin production.	2
Dopamine agonists are increasingly used in the treatment of Parkinson disease, but they may cause serious adverse effects.	2
Serum PRL values rose normally after TRH administration, and evaluation of other pituitary hormones was normal.	2
Only one patient, the youngest, did well on risperidone therapy.	2
Preoperative risk factors, operative data, cardiopulmonary-bypass, postoperative complications and clinical symptoms are discussed together with ophthalmologic findings in order to elucidate the pathophysiology of this process.	2
We suggest, however, that routine screening in such patients may be important.	2
Late free-flap salvage with catheter-directed thrombolysis.	2
Previous reports of warfarin resistance implicated older enteral feeding products with a much higher vitamin K content.	2
We report a case of MALA in which acute renal failure resulting from dehydration secondary to diarrhea and poor oral intake likely caused MALA.	2
This unique syndrome should be identified as a direct causal effect of paclitaxel.	2
After hydrocortisone supplementation and intensive therapy the baby recovered completely.	2
Clozapine is an atypical antipsychotic drug, and there have been case reports that clozapine may be an effective treatment for tardive dystonia.	2
Well-fixed metal-metal hip resurfacing components are removed for infection, instability, or hypersensitivity reactions.	2
Reversible valproate hepatotoxicity due to mutations in mitochondrial DNA polymerase gamma (POLG1).	2
He remained on a steady dose of 8000 mg/day for 9 months, almost doubled what is considered therapeutic.	2
Affected persons usually are on chronic steroid treatment and in the fifth to seventh decades of life.	2
Although guidelines for management have been developed, they may be predicated on data from a single institution or depend on diagnostic procedures and laboratory support that are not necessarily available to physicians in all locations.	2
The first patient showed a good response to olanzapine, but the RLS symptoms associated with olanzapine resulted in poor long-term compliance, eventually leading to frequent relapse of psychotic symptoms.	2
The means whereby this agent might injure oseophageal mucosa are discussed.	2
Bilateral computerized tomography showed no progression in radiographic changes during the treatment.	2
She had been receiving oral furosemide for 5 months at the time of this report, with no complications.	2
N. asteroides sepsis subsequently developed, leading to his death.	2
After having been on interferon therapy for three years, she developed skin lesions secondary to scleromyxedema.	2
A study of nineteen immunocompromised patients with extensive skin lesions caused by Pseudomonas aeruginosa with and without bacteremia.	2
OBJECTIVE: To report a case of HIV-related lipodystrophy with a rapid onset of symptoms from epidural lipomatosis in the wake of protease inhibitor and steroid treatment.	2
Cryptococcal meningitis is a life-threatening complication of this disease.	2
All patients improved rapidly after discontinuation of 5-ASA compounds.	2
Management of the hypertension required large doses of antihypertensive agents, including sodium nitroprusside, for six postoperative days.	2
To our knowledge, this is the first reported case of the use of sodium thiosulfate to treat calciphylaxis in a patient with normal renal function.	2
Acute left atrial thrombosis during anticoagulant therapy in a patient with antithrombin deficiency.	2
Until today, many kinds of complications have been reported in the literature.	2
Discontinuation of the ACE inhibitor results in rapid alleviation of the cough, although this is not always necessary, as most patients may experience a cessation or decrease in cough.	2
These findings, together with increased urinary copper excretion and the absence of clinical improvement, are compatible with a generalized defect in copper metabolism, transport or storage.	2
These observations are consistent with the hypothesis that intrarenal regulatory mechanisms contribute to changes in renal function due to amphotericin B therapy.	2
Camptocormia improved within a week after the reduction of the plasma valproate level to about 300 mumol/l.	2
Both patients were heavy imbibers of alcohol and both had swallowed less paracetamol that that generally regarded as a lethal dose.	2
One of the mainstay pharmacologic therapies for ADHD has been stimulants.	2
TSH levels were normalised with the addition of mouse serum to the patient's sample, confirming the presence of human anti-mouse antibodies as the interfering substance in the TSH assay.	2
The neurological complications may be reduced by earlier recognition and better understanding of their etiopathogenesis.	2
That the drug was directly responsible for the observed complications is suggested by the clinical course and by in vitro lymphocyte transformation studies.	2
Pathogenic mechanisms for the development of pseudomembranous colitis and the epidemiology of this condition in patients with AIDS are discussed.	2
The polymerase chain reaction (PCR) assay for group B Streptococcus showed the presence of the same serotype in mother's milk.	2
Strongyloides hyperinfection in a patient with sarcoidosis.	2
Before transfer from the emergency room, she was found to have an elevated serum urea nitrogen and creatinine of 55 and 5.8 mg/dL (19.6 mmol/L and 512.7 micromol/L, respectively).	2
METHODS: A retrospective case series and chart review of all patients treated in our tertiary care private practice for late-onset interface inflammation associated with elevated intraocular pressure.	2
INTERVENTION: Cessation of treatment with 5-ASA compounds.	2
Information was reviewed for three of 538 volunteers who received PEG-rHuMGDF in clinical trials and two of 200 donors who underwent G-CSF mobilised stem cell harvesting procedures for sibling stem cell transplants.	2
Fever, rash, and lymphadenopathy often accompany hepatic injury.	2
The most remarkable feature was the presence of diamond-shaped Russell bodies in 20% of the plasma cells of the second biopsy specimen.	2
Posttransplant primary cutaneous Ki-1 (CD30)+/CD56+ anaplastic large cell lymphoma.	2
A computed tomography scan of the abdomen was helpful in elucidating the diagnosis, and surgical splenectomy resulted in a good patient outcome, though the period of hypotension had increased the extent of myocardial necrosis.	2
The treatment was continued for 6 months without recurrence of the symptoms.	2
A survey of members of the Retina, Macula, and Vitreous societies and the National Registry of Drug-Induced Ocular Side Effects identified three additional cases.	2
Coagulation parameters of 3 different time-points were assessed and compared: before administration of any blood product (time-point 1), before administration of the first dose of rFVIIa (time-point 2), and 4 hours after the administration of the last dose of rFVIIa (time-point 3).	2
Topical anesthesia-induced keratopathy after laser-assisted subepithelial keratectomy.	2
Emergent conduit revision with cardiopulmonary bypass was required for a thrombosed systemic-venous to pulmonary-arterial connection (completion modified Fontan procedure).	2
In contrast, a partial recovery of the Arden ratio of the EOG to 1.8 in both eyes was seen.	2
During PUVA treatment a 66-year-old woman with mycosis fungoides in stage III suddenly developed widespread papulonodular lesions of alarming clinical and histological appearance.	2
We cared for a toddler in whom severe respiratory distress developed after VVR was applied directly under her nose.	2
Kaposi's sarcoma in the setting of immunosuppression and the gastrointestinal manifestations of this disease are reviewed.	2
Self induced photosensitive epilepsy.	2
We report a typical case of post-transfusion purpura (PTP) due to anti-PlA1 in a 65-year-old woman.	2
Rhino-orbital zygomycosis is usually an aggressive, fulminant and, at times, fatal disease that requires urgent medical and surgical treatment.	2
Sodium thiosulfate, an inorganic salt that has been claimed to inhibit the formation and to favor the solubility and the mobilization of calcified masses, was administered to the patient, and after a long period of treatment considerable radiological regression of the TC with concurrent clinical recovery was noticed.	2
Overdose with chloral hydrate: a pharmacological and therapeutic review.	2
DNA-based analysis of amniotic fluid (AF) from at-risk pregnancies has been suggested as an adjunct/substitute for traditional culture.	2
Once clonidine was discontinued, the resting heart rate returned to normal.	2
He developed pronounced eosinophilia and a vasculitic skin rash, myalgias of the abdomen, upper trunk, and neck, and died of respiratory distress with no evidence of an infectious etiology.	2
The intent of the discussion is to alert physicians that the appearance of epiglottis can occur from causes other than infection and that a surgical airway should not be the first thought when such a case arises.	2
After 12 months of treatment, molecular biology showed an important reduction in the peripheral blood of the fusion oncoprotein bcr-abl p210-b3a2.	2
We report here on two middle-aged women, apparently healthy, who suffered from a fatal intracerebral hemorrhage following a dental treatment.	2
After these were corrected the amphotericin B was restarted and the course of treatment completed successfully.	2
CONCLUSION: Optometrists, particularly those actively participating in the shared care of refractive surgery patients, must be familiar with diffuse lamellar keratitis so that diagnosis is not delayed.	2
Hypoalbuminemia and thrombocytopenia were observed at this time also.	2
We report three cases of abdominal wall metastases from ovarian cancer after laparoscopy.	2
It would therefore seem prudent to monitor red and white blood cell counts in patients taking MMF.	2
Investigation revealed advanced metastatic disease with a probable primary in the right lung.	2
The serumcholinesterase activity of the patient's serum increased by 55% (from 15% to 70%) following the injection.	2
Stomach and small intestine are the most affected organs; however, it can affect any part of the gastrointestinal system.	2
The patient's status as a probationer or parolee played a pivotal role in strategies for ensuring treatment through the criminal justice system as opposed to the mental health system or civil commitment process.	2
Following three courses of chemotherapy with cyclophosphamide, methotrexate, and 5-fluorouracil (CMF), the patient had a dramatic clinical reduction of tumor, reduction of serum CA 15-3 from 161 to 64 U/ml, and underwent a modified radical mastectomy and axillary dissection.	2
A potentially more common pharmacogenetic syndrome.	2
The events occurred approximately 10 days after the start of each chemotherapy course.	2
The possible mechanism is thought to be an allergic reaction to the drug.	2
Other features of this adverse drug reaction were unremitting fever, leukocytosis with eosinophilia and atypical lymphocytosis, and proteinuria.	2
Thrombosis of mechanical valve prosthesis: thrombolysis vs surgical treatment.	2
In a review of the literature no report of a similar case was found.	2
Her history was significant for coronary artery disease, atrial fibrillation, deep venous thrombosis, pulmonary embolism, chronic steroid use, and recurrent urinary tract infection.	2
Effective treatment is available provided surgical manipulations cease.	2
Complementary examinations and follow-up disclosed a sarcoidosis.	2
The same error had led to the death of her child five years earlier.	2
BACKGROUND: Aside from the direct ocular manifestations of tuberculosis, significant vision loss can occur during treatment with agents that have potential ocular toxicities.	2
Efficacy of caspofungin addition to trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole treatment for severe pneumocystis pneumonia in solid organ transplant recipients.	2
Embolia cutis medicamentosa (ECM) is a rare side effect observed primarily after intramuscular injections.	2
However, our patient was later found to have re-activation tuberculosis after long-term treatment.	2
We report a case of a 54-year-old female who ingested approximately 100 propoxyphene hydrochloride tablets in a suicide attempt.	2
Resolution occurred mostly within 24 to 48 hours after injection.	2
Vasculonecrotic reactions in leprosy.	2
The patients were all women aged 21-55 years.	2
We observed intracranial hemorrhagic infarcts with focal seizures and hemiparesis associated with clotting abnormalities, including severe hypofibrinogenemia, probably the result of L-asparaginase administered during induction therapy of acute lymphocytic leukemia.	2
Subsequent cardiac arrest and prolonged cardiogenic shock required aggressive pharmacologic support, intraaortic balloon pump insertion, and mechanical ventilation.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Mecamylamine at 2.5-6.25 mgm/day has no significant peripheral parasympathetic activity and may be safely taken long term (up to 550 days in this study).	2
Theophylline plasma concentration should be determined whenever drugs affecting theophylline clearance are administered simultaneously.	2
Epoprostenol is a vasodilator that is produced by vascular endothelial cells and is currently the "gold standard" therapy for patients with severe primary pulmonary hypertension or pulmonary hypertension secondary to collagen vascular disease.	2
The prevalence of use, demographics of a treatment population, and occurrence of a particular side effect are explored in this article.	2
Liver abscess caused by an infected ventriculoperitoneal shunt.	2
A significant feature of this group is its resistance to almost all presently available antibiotics including penicillin, the cephalosporins, and the aminoglycosides.	2
Pituitary tumor made symptomatic during hormone therapy and induced pregnancy.	2
This unusual cause of mental nerve neuropathy has not been previously described.	2
This toxic effect may be added to the list of potential adverse events occurring during ddI therapy.	2
Alternating antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibody specificity: drug-induced vasculitis in a patient with Wegener's granulomatosis.	2
Despite their therapeutic utility, children may experience emotional and behavioral side effects from steroids during treatment for leukemia.	2
Cystoscopy revealed erythema and exudate at the bladder walls, along with edema of both ureteral orifices.	2
Cytomegalovirus infection is a potentially fatal complication of treatment induced immunosuppression in patients with inflammatory bowel disease.	2
The prevalence of TD was 3.96% (4/101).	2
It is concluded that at least some sensory symptoms originate within the nervous system as a manifestation of the disease process and are not secondary effects of the motor disorder.	2
He recovered well and was able to walk by postoperative day 4.	2
Nocardia keratitis was diagnosed from her culture results, and the species Nocardia exalbida was determined by phylogenetic studies using gene sequence analysis of 16S RNA.	2
These cases indicate the potential for development of acral cyanosis, livedo reticularis, or Raynaud symptoms with these medications and their potential contribution to a vasculopathy.	2
She was a long-term user of an intra-uterine device (IUD) and, although asymptomatic, had radiological evidence of pelvic infection.	2
The basic triad of symptoms that occurs in the TMA syndrome include microangiopathic hemolytic anemia, thrombocytopenia, and renal impairment.	2
Pulmonary nodules in osteosarcoma patients: differential diagnosis of central venous catheter-related infections in the lungs.	2
Abnormal air accumulation was noted in the bowel, peritoneum, mediastinum and retroperitoneum.	2
We report an unusual case of necrotizing scleritis with inflammation that occurred after strabismus surgery.	2
Stable renal function followed the initiation of high-dose subcutaneous heparin therapy.	2
These findings are compatible with PVOD.	2
RESULTS: The treated rabbit eyes and the control eyes showed no light microscopic evidence of ocular toxicity at 1 month following injection.	2
Over two-thirds of the patients treated with intravenous cimetidine demonstrated a reduction in gastrointestinal symptom severity, and a statistically significant reduction in the mean severity rating for all patients was observed.	2
These data confirm the therapeutic value of arsenic trioxide in relapsed/resistant APL.	2
We postulate that an immune-mediated disruption of caveolar function was exacerbated by statin exposure.	2
The symptoms returned and worsened over the next 4 days, and she returned to the emergency room stuporous.	2
The mutants K122R, F134L and G145A in our patient have not been tested for their sensitivity to Architect and Murex assays by the previous investigators and might represent the escape mutants to these assays.	2
The patient had previously reacted similarly to ampicillin infusion.	2
She was treated by right axillo-femoral bypass, removal of the aortic prosthesis and direct aortic suture.	2
This case report describes the use of a Q-switched neodymium:YAG laser to puncture miotic cysts.	2
A review of the literature is also presented.	2
Treatment of cerebrospinal fluid and syringosubarachnoid shunt infection with systemic and intrathecal antibiotics.	2
Outcome is probably more dependent on the clinical condition of the patient and the reversibility of the drug toxicity.	2
This potential long-term risk has medicolegal implications for informed consent and for the potential use of both permanent fillers and interferon.	2
In each case, 25-100 micrograms of intracoronary nitroglycerin promptly (30-45 seconds) resulted in reopacification of the vessel involved in spasm and resolution of evidence for ischemia.	2
Despite prolonged external biliary drainage and systemic amphotericin B therapy, the fungus was not eliminated from her biliary system.	2
Theoretically the link could be in a disturbance of serine and glycine metabolism.	2
Later, he had no impulse disorders (no gambling, hypersexuality, excessive shopping), which occur with dopamine agonists, suggesting that levodopa abuse and impulse disorders can result through different mechanisms.	2
The case of a 39-year-old woman who was referred for weight gain and amenorrhoea is reported.	2
Gaucher's disease (GD) is an autosomal recessive lysosomal storage disease resulting in an abnormal accumulation of glucocerebrosides in macrophages.	2
She delivered a healthy child vaginally under epidural anaesthesia.	2
Echocardiography revealed severe, global left-ventricular dysfunction.	2
Culture was positive for Staphylococcus haemolyticus.	2
The daily infusion of IgG had to be suspended after three days in the second patient with encephalitis and nephritis, because the renal function rapidly deteriorated; subsequently, six plasma exchanges led to an almost complete recovery.	2
Mycophenolate mofetil substitution for cyclosporine-dependent myasthenia gravis and nephrotoxicity.	2
In the literature, PNH cases also showed neutropenia (0 and 0.54 x 10(9)/l) at aplastic crises.	2
Raynaud's phenomenon is a common vascular side effect of chemotherapy drug regimens.	2
We report here the case of an immunocompetent 3(1/2)-year-old girl who developed encephalitis and herpes zoster opthalmicus 20 months after her immunization with varicella-zoster virus vaccine.	2
Mono-octanoin (glycerol-1-mono-octanoate) is a medium-chain diglyceride used to dissolve gallstones.	2
Early detection of ototoxicity is of vital importance in cases in which ototoxic drugs are administered.	2
AO images showed disruption of the cone photoreceptor mosaic in areas corresponding to HVF 10-2 defects and SD-OCT IS/OS junction abnormalities.	2
Range orders should, for example, take into consideration the patient's age, pain intensity, and comorbidities; avoid frequency ranges; and prescribe a maximum dose that is at least two times but no more than four times the minimum dose in the range.	2
We present a case of a 16-year-old female with Graves' disease who presented with massive bone marrow plasmocytosis mimicking multiple myeloma.	2
We describe a patient with systemic lupus erythematosus and impaired renal function probably mainly due to tubulointerstitial disease.	2
On histological examination, reddish-purple crystals were identified at frozen section but not in the paraffin sections.	2
Multiple stones and tumor cells infiltration were demonstrated in both kidney.	2
Interstitial nephritis is a rare but serious adverse effect of many drugs and usually is diagnosed by clinical signs and symptoms of hematuria, proteinuria, eosinophilia, fever, azotemia, and rash.	2
The reduction in the 125I-insulin binding rate and the binding capacity of the high affinity site of insulin antibodies were balanced after oral glucocorticoid therapy.	2
We report two cases of Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) prosthetic hip infections successfully treated with a long course of linezolid.	2
Acanthamoeba keratitis after LASIK.	2
There are a few case reports of other fluoroquinolones that have been associated with toxic epidermal necrolysis.	2
Conversely, similarities between patient reports and reports from healthcare professionals were found in age, sex, most frequently reported ADRs and most frequently reported drugs.	2
Kaposi's sarcoma, a neoplasm that occurs in immunocompromised patients and people of Mediterranean origin, usually presents with skin lesions.	2
However, an increasing number of case reports and clinical studies on thrombolysis during and after CPR highlight an increased frequency of the return of spontaneous circulation and a better neurological outcome of surviving patients.	2
The deletion results in decreased CYP2D6 activity, possibly leading to drug accumulation.	2
Cholesterol embolization (CE) is a potentially serious complication associated with invasive arterial maneuvers, in which standard therapy has not been established.	2
Conventional antipsychotics have little efficacy against negative symptoms, and so many patients with schizophrenia are refractory to treatment with these drugs.	2
Prospective, controlled trials are warranted to further define the optimal dose, toxicity and potential role of cidofovir in renal transplant recipients with BK virus nephropathy.	2
Following CaEDTA therapy, continued recovery of conduction velocities, amplitude of compound muscle action potential, and diminution of conduction block at elbow were observed within a few months.	2
Mycosis fungoides progression and chronic solvent exposure.	2
Both recovered after 10 days of intraperitoneal administration of cefazolin and tobramycin.	2
She was otherwise healthy and did not complain of hyperhidrosis.	2
Most patients have involvement of the right heart.	2
Iatrogenic Mycobacterium infection after an epidural injection.	2
The patient had also been taking concomitant allopurinol and captopril for more than 4 years with no complications, and valproic acid 3 months before the cutaneous event.	2
Lithium carbonate did not prevent the tricyclic-induced rapid cycling, although two patients subsequently responded well to lithium carbonate alone.	2
This case report examines the possible causative factors in the development of post-surgical herpes zoster.	2
Intradermal testing with a wide range of steroid preparations gave positive results to prednisone.	2
Chest x-ray and thorax computed tomography revealed bilateral hilar masses and nodular infiltrations in the lung parenchyma.	2
The pathogenetic mechanism of these symptoms might possibly be explained as potentiation of the action of the neuroleptica by oral antidiabetics.	2
This neurocutaneous syndrome consists of angiomatosis of the skin and mucosa as well as the leptomeninges.	2
Aspergillus sp. infection was the most common of all CNS infections followed by viral, bacterial and protozoal.	2
Further research should be done to define the role of combination antidepressant therapy in the treatment of primary care patients with depression.	2
Paradoxical enlargement of intracranial tuberculomas during treatment of tuberculous meningitis: report of a case.	2
Despite the risk of needle-track seeding, PEI remains useful in the treatment of HCC.	2
Neurotoxicity is a common complication during cancer chemotherapy.	2
A 77 year old male was referred with abdominal pain, jaundice and elevated transaminase levels.	2
Blood for varicella-zoster virus (VZV) DNA polymerase chain reaction was positive.	2
After 10 d cholinesterase was still low and liver enzymes were elevated.	2
The reaction subsided after treatment with diphenhydramine and dexamethasone.	2
Histopathology showed an increase in melanocyte numbers and melanogenesis.	2
Here we describe two cases in postpneumonectomy patients in which expandable esophageal stent placement resulted in respiratory compromise requiring reintervention due to airway compression.	2
She had received seven courses of chemotherapy, with a cumulative doxorubicin dose of 500 mg/m(2) over 5 months, resulting in minimal tumor regression.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Acanthamoeba keratitis can occur in association with SynergEyes contact lens wear.	2
Laboratory parameters revealed a markedly elevated C-reactive protein of 189 mg/l, antinuclear antibodies of 1:2,560, a hemoglobin level of 9.0 g/dl, and a severe lymphopenia (total lymphocytes 49.4/microl, CD4(+) cells 2/microl, CD8(+) cells 7/microl).	2
Imaging studies showed calcification and fibrosis of the involved muscles.	2
Pathological examination of both resected femoral heads showed no intravascular thrombosis.	2
The manual intravenous push has a greater possibility of inadvertent overdosage during some small time frame, as well as more local symptoms by some reports.	2
BACKGROUND: Drug-induced hypersensitivity syndrome (DIHS) is characterized by a severe multiorgan hypersensitivity reaction that usually appears after prolonged exposure to certain drugs and may be related to reactivation of herpes viruses.	2
METHODS: An extensive review of the English medical literature through the National Library of Medicine (PUBMED) was performed to identify patients who had received or continued to receive radiation therapy while on phenytoin.	2
With a median follow-up of 13 months (12 to 17 months), all five patients are well and have shown stable or improved performance status and clinical remission of organ-related dysfunction, including a 50% reduction in daily proteinuria with no change in creatinine, reversal of symptoms of cardiomyopathy and reductions of posterior wall and septal thickening, reversal of polyneuropathy and gastric atony, and resolution of hepatomegaly by computed tomographic scan.	2
Photobiological evaluation revealed a strongly positive photopatch test to quinine sulfate and a marked persistent reduction in the minimal erythema dose to solar-simulated radiation in the uninvolved skin.	2
Discontinuation of methicillin therapy and appropriate antibiotic treatment of endocarditis led to clinical improvement, emphasizing the need to promptly discontinue potential nephrotoxic agents when abnormalities in renal function appear.	2
Clostridial orthopedic infections: case reports and review of the literature.	2
The striatum, especially the putamen, has been considered to be responsible for dystonia.	2
Delivery was at term by caesarean section 2 days after spontaneous rupture of membranes and failure to progress in labour.	2
Two of our patients had failed treatment with haloperidol and another had failed treatment with pimozide.	2
CONCLUSION: Owing to the potential for increased toxicity, the combination of raltitrexed and mitomycin-C cannot be recommended as first-line treatment in patients with advanced colorectal cancer.	2
Our treatment consisted of assisted ventilation with intubation, accompanied by calcium chloride infusion and forced diuresis with mannitol.	2
An awareness of this potential complication is important when treating children with aspirin at doses previously considered to be non-toxic.	2
Antenatal diagnosis of fetal goiter is crucial for the immediate postpartum management of these neonates.	2
Ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome (OHSS) is a serious complication of assisted reproduction techniques using in vitro fertilization and intracytoplasmic sperm injection (IVF/ICSI).	2
The objective of this study was to retrospectively evaluate the clinical outcome of newborns treated with recombinant activated factor VII for intractable bleeding or severe coagulation disturbances, resistant to conventional hemostatic therapy.	2
However, 19 days after starting amiodarone, serum testing indicated a hypothyroid status that was not recognized clinically.	2
He had been receiving L-thyroxine therapy following mitral valve surgery.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Physicians should be aware that drug-induced AIN can be associated with proton-pump inhibitors.	2
The patient recovered and the vagina mucosa healed within two weeks.	2
The clinical, biochemical, and pathological picture was similar to Reye's syndrome.	2
Although the exact mechanism is unknown, the time course and constellation of symptoms are consistent with a possible inflammatory pathophysiologic condition.	2
Inadvertent injection of corticosteroid into the choroidal vasculature.	2
Inclusion of specific culture media and staining protocols for mycobacteria, along with aggressive treatment on diagnosis, including lifting or amputating the LASIK flap, culturing, topical fortified clarithromycin and amikacin, while avoiding corticosteroids, may significantly improve resolution of the infection and potentially improve the visual outcome.	2
One year later, a progressive increase in policlonal gamma-globulin and a decrease in the CD4+ lymphocyte count to below 500/muL were detected in concomitance with ultrasonographic evidence of a progressive increase in the longitudinal diameters of the liver and spleen and signs of liver inhomogeneity.	2
Plasma drug concentrations were largely kept within the therapeutic range but wide variability was observed on oral therapy.	2
The treatment of FMF attacks in patients who cannot use colchicine is an important problem.	2
It has been found to cause a nonanion gap metabolic acidosis in some patients, which is related to carbonic anhydrase inhibition.	2
Pelvic arterial pseudoaneurysm-a rare complication of Cesarean section: diagnosis and novel treatment.	2
Successful treatment using a jet-injection device.	2
The discontinuation of heavy caffeine intake appears to have contributed to the outcome.	2
The chromosomal abnormality der(17)t(12;17)(q13;p13) is very rare in hematologic malignancies, and has been reported in only two patients with therapy-related acute myeloid leukemia (t-AML).	2
Mammary gigantism and D-penicillamine.	2
This study presents the case of rapidly progressing pulmonary aspergillosis in a 47-year-old woman who had healed cavitations of pulmonary tuberculosis in the right upper lobe.	2
This complication was dose related and argues for caution when initiating intrathecal therapy with amphotericin B at doses greater than 0.025 mg.	2
All patients improved within 2 months after the drug was stopped.	2
Even if an oral multivitamin preparation is given instead of MVI, patients with malabsorption may not absorb thiamine adequately.	2
Nesiritide (recombinant B-type natriuretic peptide) is often given for symptomatic relief of acute decompensated heart failure in adults.	2
Sciatic nerve compression very rarely occurs bilaterally.	2
DISCUSSION: Serotonin syndrome is a potentially lethal pharmacodynamic interaction between medications that increase serotonergic transmission at the synaptic junction.	2
Three patients with a cellular immunodeficiency were treated with rifabutin, clarithromycin and ethambutol for a disseminated infection with Mycobacterium avium-intracellulare complex (MAC).	2
Liver biopsy showed extensive ground-glass hepatocytes and extension of thin septum-like fibers from portal tract to the lobule.	2
In four eyes, the RPE tear developed after one PDT, in one eye the RPE tear developed after the second PDT, and in two eyes the RPE tear developed after the third PDT.	2
CD3/CD4 T-helper lymphocyte count showed a significant decrease immediately after LT which rapidly recovered after initiation of HAART.	2
Carboplatin and etoposide combined with radiotherapy for limited-stage small-cell esophageal carcinoma: three cases and review of the literature.	2
The patient was treated surgically by foramen magnum decompression and occipito-cervical fusion, and by transoral resection of the clivus.	2
It has also been seen in people with gastrointestinal diseases with malabsorption.	2
Bronchoalveolar lavage (BAL) cultures for bacteria, viruses, and fungi were negative, but testing for ova and parasites from BAL fluid revealed Strongyloides stercoralis larvae on day 16 post transplant.	2
Confusional paranoid psychosis after withdrawal from sympathomimetic amines: two case reports.	2
In all three patients the bleeding stopped after a course of aminocaproic acid was begun.	2
An angiogram showed a thrombus cranial to the screw.	2
A good partial remission was attained.	2
Analysis of the case which went to trial indicates that there is not one prescribed protocol which must be followed; the definition of standard of care is broader than that.	2
Hydrofluoric acid burns.	2
Although great advances have been made in the pharmacotherapy of schizophrenia, many patients are still not taking full advantage of the beneficial effects of antipsychotic drugs.	2
Subphrenic abscess secondary to Actinomycosis meyeri and Klebsiella ozaenae following laparoscopic cholecystectomy.	2
I also describe agents that are used to treat common problems in PD patients, including hallucinations, orthostasis, nausea, erectile dysfunction, depression, and memory loss.	2
We report the case of a 19-year-old woman who developed PVOD accompanied by microangiopathic hemolytic anemia (MAHA) and hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS) 1 year after a second BMT for relapsed acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL).	2
MATERIALS AND METHODS: A phase II study.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Given the fulminant course of amphotericin B deoxycholate overdosage and lack of effective therapy, stringent safeguards against its improper administration should be in place.	2
At 1 month the rabbits were killed and the eyes examined by light microscopy.	2
He ran out of medication, was unable to refill his prescription for 2 days and presented to the emergency department in status epilepticus.	2
Although the mechanism of the pressure rise is unknown, all eyes in our series were controlled with medical therapy.	2
The risk of developing sAML has been estimated to be between 2% and 10%, depending upon the type, duration and dosage of previous therapy (Michels et al, 1985; Shulman, 1993; Robinson & Mertens, 1993; Ballen & Antin, 1993).	2
Gastric candidiasis.	2
The patient received OLT because of end-stage primary biliary cirrhosis and was found to have de novo HBV infection 3 months later.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Intracerebral hemorrhage must be strongly suspected in any patient with a coagulation disorder presenting with matching clinical symptoms.	2
One and a half years later, she is still alive and well, on interferon for persisting myeloma.	2
Two cases are presented that illustrate a possible treatment role for ECT.	2
Thyrotoxic Periodic Paralysis is an uncommon disorder seen primarily in Asian males and caused by excessive thyroid hormones.	2
It may represent a uveitic immune phenomenon.	2
Animal studies are necessary to evaluate this observation and potential disadvantages of hydrocortisone usage.	2
Previously reported cases are reviewed.	2
Successful treatment of the fungal infection was achieved using ketoconazole.	2
The patient had Hodgkin's disease and responded to chemotherapy and amphotericin B.	2
The clinical presentation was highly suggestive of malignancy and the patient underwent diagnostic mediastinoscopy with biopsy.	2
Issues relevant to child and adolescent psychopharmacology arising from this case are discussed.	2
RESULTS: In these four patients, the use of caspofungin as an additional drug to the standard trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole regimen led to a rapid improvement and a complete cure of pneumonia.	2
She had a stormy course despite adequate antimicrobial therapy.	2
Gelatinous transformation of bone marrow following chemotherapy for myeloma.	2
Zolpidem was present at concentrations of 2.91, 1.40, and 2.13 microg/mL in the heart blood, peripheral blood, and urine, respectively.	2
Toxoplasma gondii retinochoroiditis after cardiac transplantation.	2
The underlying pathogenesis is probably multifactorial.	2
Arsenic trioxide has recently been introduced as a promising new agent to treat refractory acute promyelocytic leukemia (APL).	2
Malignant lymphoma developed in the dorsum of the hand in a patient with a long-standing postmastectomy lymphedema.	2
INTRODUCTION: We are reporting a case of bladder contracture post intravesical bacillus Calmette-Guerin (BCG) therapy; to our knowledge only two cases were reported.	2
After ingesting 500 mg of the drug, she experience generalized maculopapular eruption and facial angioedema.	2
Depression is an extremely common illness in the elderly, and is, at times, refractory to the usual therapies.	2
Super potent topical corticosteroid use associated with adrenal suppression: clinical considerations.	2
DISCUSSION: Angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors are associated with a relatively high incidence of angioedema.	2
Therefore, angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors would appear to be appropriate therapy for hypertension in such patients.	2
Not your typical pneumonia: a case of exogenous lipoid pneumonia.	2
CP is classified as a pregnancy risk factor D drug and is teratogenic in animals, but population studies have not conclusively demonstrated teratogenicity in humans.	2
However, in addition to its antiviral activity, IFN is a pleiotropic cytokine able to synergistically amplify T-cell autoreactivity.	2
The images obtained were compared with images from patients without corneal disease.	2
In conclusion, this case is instructive, because the symptoms which developed after a short period of corticosteroid inhalation suggested a type I allergy.	2
The alveolar form of hydatid disease, caused by the larval stage of the cestode Echinococcus multilocularis, is virtually confined geographically to the northern hemisphere.	2
This is probably due to the presence of a common ingredient, styrax gum.	2
Mecasermin [rDNA] (Increlex; Tercica, Inc.) is recombinant insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) that has been approved to treat growth failure in children with severe primary IGF-I deficiency.	2
Its use is considered to be less harmful than the effect of active disease on the fetus.	2
In May 1999, the patient came to our polyclinic with edema of the feet and legs.	2
Attempts at symptom control are not always effective because of lack of clarity about the underlying aetiology.	2
With o,p'-DDD treatment, serum dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DS) and urinary 17-ketosteroid (17-KS) excretion fell rapidly while there was a delay in the fall of free androgens.	2
Antibody therapy is capable of permanently abolishing the signs of symptoms of digitalis poisoning after a matter of hours.	2
Serious side effects are encountered in less than 5% of patients and this case carries one of the rarest, yet drastic, side effects of intravesical BCG.	2
Acrodermatitis enteropathica with SMON almost always has a high occurrence of visual impairment, but other sensory disturbances are slight or absent, while common adult SMON is just the opposite.	2
At follow-up examination the patient continued to be asymptomatic, with the radiologic persistence of the infiltrate.	2
She subsequently developed Shewanella spp. bacteraemia without any clinical source of infection.	2
We report a case of autoimmune hepatitis likely triggered by the use of black cohosh (Actaea racemosa), an agent marketed to treat menopause symptoms.	2
KW-2149 is a new, semisynthetic, C-7-N-substituted, mitomycin C (MMC) analog showing equal or superior antitumor activity in both in vitro and in vivo assays.	2
All cases presented within the first 10 postoperative days and improved with 1 month of cessation of cyclosporin (CyA), although halting, monotonous speech was evident to some degree in all five for up to 1 year.	2
Endotracheal intubation eventually was performed.	2
Several courses of oral voriconazole were required for resolution of the infection.	2
Management of a large organized intraatrial catheter-tip thrombus in a child with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome using escalating tissue plasminogen activator infusions.	2
Once ACAD has been established, treatments such as coronary angioplasty, coronary stenting, and coronary bypass are performed.	2
It is known to cause coagulation abnormalities, thrombosis and hemorrhage in the central nervous system in addition to vasculitis and hypersensitivity reactions.	2
The mechanisms are not obvious, but it is likely that the rapid decrease of thyroid hormones in tissues may temporarily cause hypothyroid states, resulting in alterations in CK concentrations.	2
Kluyvera co-infection in two solid organ transplant recipients: an emerging pathogen or a colonizer bystander?	2
METHODS: We describe a patient with MS in remission who had not exhibited any signs of IBD in the past.	2
Evaluation revealed CMV viremia with a high viral load and CMV gastritis was confirmed using gastroscopy and histopathologic examination.	2
The patient's INR increased 11-14 days after each cycle of chemotherapy with 5-fluorouracil and leucovorin.	2
The VPA concentration following this dose escalation was 392 micromol/L, and the patient improved clinically.	2
The diabetes improved when the treatment was discontinued and worsened on re-introduction.	2
Subjective complaints decreased, and best-corrected Snellen visual acuity improved with topical corticosteroid therapy alone.	2
Potential viral etiologies should therefore be considered in cancer patients with pneumonia receiving non-transplantation chemotherapy-regimens, particularly if steroids are a component of their therapy.	2
Further study is necessary to ensure that spinal vascular injuries can be kept to an acceptably rare level.	2
This time the fever was accompanied by a diffuse erythematous skin rash that progressed to an extensive, full-body, desquamative skin rash.	2
We treated a patient with lung cancer in whom a hypercoagulopathy was induced acutely by chemotherapy.	2
Tonic seizures occurred immediately and appeared to represent a paradoxical seizure exacerbation.	2
As compared with an expected number of 0.04 cases of acute myeloblastic leukemia based on patient-years, the observed seven cases correspond to a 175-times increased risk.	2
METHODS: Case report.	2
In this article, a patient with EBV-lymphoma after autologous stem cell rescue for treatment of a nonhematologic solid tumor is described.	2
However, a Jarisch-Herxheimer reaction occurring in a patient receiving treatment for ocular syphilis can be serious, resulting in the rapid loss of vision.	2
Three eyes had a UCVA of 20/20(-2) or better and a BCVA of 20/20(-1) or better.	2
Perilesional linear atrophic streaks associated with intralesional corticosteroid injections in a psoriatic plaque.	2
We describe an exceptional case of Candida tropicalis sepsis in a patient submitted to allogeneic BMT; the diagnosis was made on a peripheral blood smear, when the pt was neutropenic and only mildly febrile.	2
A case is described in which viscoelastic material was used in the anterior chamber to minimize or prevent fluid flow through the area of the trabecular meshwork and Schlemm's canal during nonpenetrating filtering surgery.	2
Possible mechanisms for these findings are discussed.	2
Portal vein thrombosis during antineoplastic chemotherapy in children: report of five cases and review of the literature.	2
However, 9 months later, while still asymptomatic, routine physical examination revealed a recurrent right lower quadrant tumor.	2
Gradually, her immune status and ocular symptoms improved.	2
The patient recovered without permanent sequelae.	2
Donepezil, an oral acetylcholinesterase inhibitor approved for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease, was given to 6 cancer pain patients having sedation related to the analgesic use of opioids.	2
Methylglyoxal bis-dihydrochloride is a drug that has been available for use in cancer chemotherapy since 1955.	2
We report a case of a 65-year-old man suffering from a dilatative cardiomyopathy and concomitant MRSA infection who received a biventricular assist device.	2
Pemphigus herpetiformis, a rare variant of pemphigus, is characterized by erythematous, vesicular, bullous, or papular lesions in a herpetiform pattern, often associated with pruritus.	2
One percent lindane should continue to remain the preparation of choice for nearly all patients with scabies and lice, but dermatologists should appreciate that these views are not necessarily shared by all health professionals.	2
Intravitreal corticossteroids have been used for therapeutic purposes in optimum doses and adverse reports have not been described.	2
Clinicians should be aware of this potential adverse effect of tigecycline.	2
We studied a series of patients to determine the onset, visual significance, treatment, and recurrent nature of these pigmented membranes in patients who underwent surgery with silicone lens implantation.	2
CONCLUSION: Although intravenous corticosteroid treatment for uveitis associated with multiple sclerosis can be very helpful, the patient should be monitored closely for systemic side effects.	2
On admission at the Emergency Department, a microhematuria and a severe anemia were also documented.	2
Dapsone (4-4-diaminodiphenyl-sulfone) is a member of the sulfone group of antibiotics used in the treatment of leprosy and various dermatitidies and more recently employed in the management of local reactions to the bite of the brown recluse spider, Loxosceles reclusa.	2
Although this condition occurs primarily in severely myelosuppressed and immunosuppressed patients with leukemia, it may also occur in those with other advanced malignancies receiving myelosuppressive chemotherapy.	2
Central venous catheters deliver life-prolonging medications to Group IVC AIDS patients.	2
Multifocal osteomyelitis caused by Candida dubliniensis.	2
We report a patient with a colonic adenocarcinoma who developed hemolytic uremic syndrome after receiving 85 mg/m2 of the drug.	2
Nonfatal prolonged overdosage of pyrimethamine in an infant: measurement of plasma and urine levels using HPLC with diode-array detection.	2
Biologic therapy with tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha antagonists for rheumatoid arthritis has been well established.	2
It cannot be assumed that the development of a mediastinal mass or its persistence following chemotherapy is due to recurrent or residual disease.	2
Serologic evaluations on presentation ruled out infectious diseases or other etiological factors.	2
CONCLUSION: COCs can be used in patients with thrombogenic mutations and anticoagulatory therapy in individual cases.	2
RESULTS: Steroid-dependent SNHL was confirmed on audiological evaluation.	2
Histologic evaluation showed massive panlobular necrosis.	2
Recombinant hirudin (lepirudin), a thrombin-specific inhibitor, provides safe and effective anticoagulation in such patients.	2
Bilateral blindness after starting highly active antiretroviral treatment in a patient with HIV infection and cryptococcal meningitis.	2
Drug withdrawal and cortisone administration led to resolution of the disease.	2
In 3 patients, leukoencephalopathy was diagnosed by T2-weighted magnetic resonance imaging.	2
Acyclovir, an antiviral nucleoside analogue, is a widely used agent highly specific for herpes simplex and varicella-zoster viruses.	2
The first case, a 16-year-old African American male with an absolute CD4+ cell count of 314 cells/mm(3), presented with an abrupt rise in serum creatinine leading to irreversible renal failure while on TDF-containing highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART).	2
We review the published data as well as the current treatment recommendations.	2
The cause is believed to be either a hypersensitivity reaction or a toxic dose-related suppression of white blood cell precursors.	2
A 63-year-old man with decreased vision due to postsurgical chronic cystoid macular edema that was recalcitrant to topical nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drops had resolution of cystoid macular edema after intravitreal triamcinolone injection.	2
Penile erections were regularly induced by intermittent subcutaneous injections of apomorphine in five patients with Parkinson's disease (PD) complicated by motor fluctuations.	2
Clinical examination revealed no evidence of vasculitis nor coagulopathy and initial neuroimaging (i.e., computed tomography, angiography, magnetic resonance imaging) demonstrated no features consistent with aneurysm, arteriovenous malformation (AVM), cavernoma, nor cerebral metastases.	2
While excisional surgery remains the benchmark management for nonmelanoma skin cancer, topical imiquimod and C&C are important options for treating SBCCs.	2
Myoclonic twitching in the lower limbs of a patient who received intrathecal narcotics is described.	2
They both are weak systemic diuretics and lower intraocular pressure ultimately by decreasing aqueous production.	2
Joint infections by mycobacteria are clinically indistinguishable from those caused by more common bacterial pathogens and, therefore, diagnosis is often delayed.	2
All patients were given pharmacologic doses of vitamin D, had reduced baseline levels of renal function, and became hypercalcemic with acute renal failure.	2
Such cases could prove an interesting locus for the investigation of both affective disorders and tardive dyskinesias.	2
Defects noted include tooth and root agenesis, root thinning and shortening, and localized enamel defects.	2
DISCUSSION: In general however, it must be remembered that problems with oral hypoglycaemics are rare.	2
Discontinuation of linezolid and a short course of prednisone led to rapid improvement of renal function.	2
There was resolution of the inflammation; however, bullous keratopathy was subsequently noted in the cornea.	2
Placental changes after thrombolytic therapy have rarely been reported.	2
Veno-occlusive disease-like hepatotoxicity in two children receiving chemotherapy for Wilms' tumor and clear cell sarcoma of kidney.	2
The plasma concentrations of noradrenaline, adrenaline, and dopamine increased to 26.4, 1.8, and 36.2 micrograms/l, respectively.	2
A total of 161 doses of L-AmpB were administered.	2
The serum concentration of AZ was elevated to a maximum of 76.5 mg/ml.	2
A combination of methotrexate suspension, folinic acid and corticosteroids led to recovery.	2
A review of the current literature was undertaken to examine the effects of antidiabetic agents on cardiovascular disease, and with the help of illustrative patient case examples, useful information is provided for clinicians to individualize therapy for patients with type 2 diabetes.	2
The second was a 36-year-old male who developed mental status changes, ataxia and dysarthria following treatment for lymphoma.	2
Preoperative chemotherapy with carboplatin alone in high risk medulloblastoma.	2
BACKGROUND: Superficial basal cell carcinoma can be successfully managed by means other than surgical excision.	2
Prior to beginning therapy with these antiretrovirals, he was receiving VPA 250 mg 3 times daily, with his most recent VPA concentration measured at 495 micromol/L.	2
If unrecognized, the neurologic deterioration becomes irreversible and may result in death.	2
The possible causes of this previously unreported early complication are discussed.	2
He suffered from serious bleeding episodes requiring prolonged hospitalization and the disarticulation of the left knee joint.	2
Bacterial and fungal contaminants have been identified in marijuana samples and thus are a potential risk factor in the immunocompromised patient using it as an antiemetic.	2
Corticosteroid administration was ineffective, whereas a prompt response to cyclosporine was observed.	2
RESULTS: Eleven of the 32 patients (34.4%) developed retinopathy.	2
This is the first case in the literature--to the best of our knowledge--describing a minimally invasive strategy using CT fluoroscopic guidance to perform an injection of thrombin into the perfused pseudoaneurysm to seal a leakage.	2
To our knowledge, this case report is the first documentation of a second PSA bump in a patient treated with external-beam radiation therapy and high-dose rate boost therapy and provides context to address concerns and therapeutic decisions confronting physicians and patients.	2
Two lines were inserted by a cut-down technique into the external jugular and one line by the percutaneous technique into the subclavian vein.	2
Focal nodular hyperplasia associated with the use of a synthetic anabolic androgen.	2
In case of relapse the clinically important question of discontinuation of lithium versus the concurrent use of ECT and lithium may arise.	2
Infiltrates, hemorrhages and macular edema present preoperatively dissolved over a period of six months.	2
The authors calculated that the blood lactate concentration could rise by 50% without requiring net lactic acid accumulation when the severe acidemia was corrected by alkali therapy.	2
We describe a case of Brugada syndrome, in which a coved type ST-segment elevation was enhanced by antihistamines and antiallergenic drugs.	2
CASE REPORTS: Serial clinical examination of three patients was performed.	2
In three of the patients drug kinetic investigations were performed and revealed a slow metabolizer status.	2
Tumour vaccine associated lymphadenopathy and false positive positron emission tomography scan changes.	2
On rechallenging the patient with the drug following the implantation of a permanent pacemaker, intermittent complete heart block developed.	2
Heparin is the most common cause; although the fall in platelet count tends to be modest, these cases are particularly dangerous because of associated thrombosis.	2
METHOD: Recombinant human growth hormone (rhGH) is a newly approved treatment for weight loss and wasting in patients with AIDS.	2
She had been treated before with other antipsychotic drugs.	2
The severity of the haemorrhagic diathesis prompted us to describe the case in order to draw the attention of medical personnel to the dangerous potentiation effects of different drugs administered with vitamin K antagonists.	2
Cystoid macular edema responds to intravitreal triamcinolone and rebounds after intravitreal bevacizumab.	2
We present three prednisolone-treated boys with myoglobinuria and in two cases this was recurrent.	2
Effect of clozapine in severe tardive dyskinesia: a case report.	2
CONCLUSION: Our PCR analysis showed the presence of CMV-DNA within the cornea of the patient with corneal endotheliitis.	2
The diagnosis of thrombotic obstruction of the prosthetic mitral valve was confirmed by transesophageal echocardiography.	2
Severe lactic acidosis related to acute thiamine deficiency.	2
In all the children with azotemia who were treated with aluminum hydroxide, there was a positive correlation (r = 0.90; P less than 0.01) between the serum aluminum level and the daily dose of elemental aluminum.	2
After a latent period of 4 months, he developed a progressive, severe and ultimately fatal radiation myelopathy, which we suggest was due to a synergistic interaction between the high-dose chemotherapy and the radiotherapy.	2
Clinical examinations and slit-lamp photographs, over an average of 21.3 +/- 7.2 months (range, 11 to 31 months), documented the effects of different treatment modalities.	2
Discontinuation of mianserin resulted in recurrence of akathisia, while full amelioration of the symptoms of akathisia was noted when mianserin was reinstituted.	2
Plasmapheresis was discontinued, and intravenous ganciclovir was initiated.	2
He suddenly developed a fever (temperature, 38 degrees C) and severe lower back pain without apparent cause.	2
Electrophysiologic evaluation demonstrated failure to terminate ventricular tachycardia with maximal energy shocks, but consistent termination by low energy discharges.	2
DESIGN: Case report.	2
We report a patient with progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy (PML) after autologous stem cell transplantation (SCT) for non-Hodgkin's lymphoma (NHL).	2
The IgA was normalized after phenytoin withdrawal, but IgE determination increased progressively without any atopic symptoms.	2
We report a 61-year-old woman who suffered from an acute cerebral infarction during diagnostic cardiac catheterization for unstable angina, which manifested as sudden onset of global aphasia, right hemiplegia and gaze preponderance to the left side.	2
PPI-delayed diagnosis of gastrinoma: oncologic victim of pharmacologic success.	2
METHOD: The case histories of two geriatric patients treated with bupropion for major depression are presented.	2
METHOD: Single case report.	2
Diagnostic and interventional percutaneous coronary catheterization is associated with stroke.	2
Toxicity is usually limited to anticholinergic symptoms.	2
Intravenous sodium bicarbonate and furosemide, and intrarectal calcium polystyrenesulfonate were administered to correct the acidosis and promote potassium secretion.	2
A colonoscopic examination revealed a sigmoid colonic ulcer and stenosis; the patient was treated conservatively.	2
Three weeks later, he developed an abrupt elevation of blood pressure (210/120 mmHg), with headaches, mental confusion, and generalized seizures.	2
BACKGROUND: Rapid graft dysfunction caused by hepatitis C virus (HCV) reinfection, although uncommon, is a disastrous complication in liver transplant patients.	2
CASE REPORT: A 67-year-old female presented with acquired long QT interval syndrome with a refractory ventricular arrhythmia.	2
Further studies are needed to evaluate the pathogenesis of cystoid macular edema and determine whether vascular endothelial growth factor blockade should be included in treatment modalities for this condition.	2
Our report discusses the possible contribution of antihistamines and antiallergenic drugs to the Brugada type ST-segment changes.	2
Pathological examination on multiple uterine sections showed the absence of residual tumor cells in the uterus.	2
Antipsychotic medications have been associated with significant cardiovascular adverse effects and instances of sudden cardiac death.	2
Allele-specific polymerase chain reaction (PCR)-based methods are now available for genotyping using leukocyte DNA.	2
Twenty-nine patients with gynaecological cancers who received over 400 mg of doxorubicin were monitored electrocardiographically to determine whether cardiac glycosides countered the adverse effects of high total doses of doxorubicin.	2
L. monocytogenes infection should therefore be considered in CAPD patients with gram-positive rod peritonitis, even if immunocompetence is presumed.	2
Prophylactic administration of thiabendazole is probably preventive.	2
We report on the clinical phenotype and infantile development of a girl born to a 36-year-old mother.	2
Treatment with ketamine met with moderate success, and then large doses of lorazepam and midazalam were used.	2
During the course of chemotherapy, HBsAg gradually became positive, but no liver dysfunction was apparent until after completion of the chemotherapy.	2
Oral enzymatic therapy is the most effective method of treatment for large phytobezoars when endoscopic extraction is not possible.	2
Because of the presence of hemolysis, the patient underwent testing for glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency, for which he tested positive.	2
Dystonic symptoms began two to three weeks after introduction of therapy and subsided within three weeks after discontinuation.	2
Streptomycin caused vertigo and had to be stopped.	2
Histologically confirmed lymphoma with evidence of active EBV proliferation developed within cervical lymph nodes 3 weeks after his first autologous stem cell rescue.	2
Debris was probably flushed into the external carotid artery, and passed through an anastomosis into the ophthalmic artery, resulting in retinal artery embolization.	2
Giant cell lichenoid dermatitis is a recently described pathological entity, which can be seen as an unusual lichenoid drug eruption, a manifestation of sarcoidosis or within herpes zoster scars.	2
The diagnosis of bromide intoxication is often aided by the detection of a low or negative anion gap due to the laboratory detection of bromide as chloride.	2
Hepatocellular carcinoma in a young woman with prolonged exposure to oral contraceptives.	2
Carmustine (BCNU), a nitrosourea derivative, is an antineoplastic agent used recently for the treatment of human solid tumors and lymphomas in high doses with autologous bone marrow transplantation.	2
When a subsequent allergic reaction occurs, the ethylenediamine component of aminophylline is usually not suspected as the etiologic agent.	2
The patient had seronegative (rheumatoid factor negative) poliarticular form of JRA and was receiving low dose weekly Methotrexate (MTX) during the past 2 years.	2
The marked thrombocytosis was nonresponsive to hydroxyurea therapy.	2
A mutation in the neuraminidase active site (152 Arg-->Lys) led to a 1000-fold reduction in the enzyme sensitivity to zanamivir.	2
METHODS: The patient received a stem cell transplant from an unrelated bone marrow donor after which he contracted a serious CMV infection manifested in the lungs and retinae.	2
Six patients with chronically recurrent oculogyric crises (OGC) are reported.	2
Caused by the increasing spreading of angel's trumpet shrubberies in Europe and North America, intoxications with large numbers of fatalities have to be expected in the future.	2
The initial in-hospital management of adult patients with community-acquired pneumonia can be divided into five major steps: an early recognition of the patient with presumptive pneumonia, assessment of the severity of illness, establishment of an etiologic diagnosis, supportive therapy, and decision regarding initiation of empirical therapy.	2
A CT scan shows diminution in the size of the tumor.	2
The most progressive neurological deficits like severe tetraspastic paresis, were seen only in the nondialytic renal insufficient group (3 patients), while the others had a more benign course of the disease.	2
The other two patients developed immune-related adverse events (irAEs) including rash (one case; grade 2) and diarrhoea (both cases; grades 1 and 2, respectively); the histopathology of colon biopsy samples from both was suggestive of colitis, with an abundant CD8+ T-cell infiltrate.	2
The multifocal electroretinogram returned to normal after the full-field electroretinogram had done so.	2
We conclude that immunological dysfunction resulting from the thymectomy contributed significantly to the subsequent development of PRCA, SLE, and IPH in this patient.	2
The relationship between this complication and calcium antagonist therapy is discussed and therapeutic strategies are presented.	2
A fifty-seven-year-old man with acute MI was admitted to the intensive cardiac care unit and received streptokinase and heparin.	2
Such agents include anthracyclines, taxanes and capecitabine.	2
Diffuse pulmonary uptake of indium-111-labeled leukocytes in drug-induced pneumonitis.	2
A case of tuberculous peritonitis complicating continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis (CAPD) in a 37-year-old man who presented with fever, abdominal pain, and a malfunctioning Tenckhoff catheter is reported.	2
The pathogenesis of augmentation is unclear.	2
Long-term, controlled studies are required to specifically address this issue.	2
The reaction to sodium sulfite in the next patch testing was negative.	2
Commonly, opioid drugs are administered in patients with acute cholecystitis to relieve pain.	2
Periosteal infusion of bupivacaine/morphine post sternal fracture: a new analgesic technique.	2
The hemangioma regressed markedly 6 weeks after the procedure and serous retinal detachment showed marked resolution.	2
RESULT: She presented with severe anaemia (PCV of 0.05), White cell and platelet counts were within normal limits and reticulocyte count of 0.001%.	2
Opioid drugs should not be administered for several hours before a diagnostic hepatobiliary scan.	2
These disorders may be the basic clinical manifestation of cancer or may result from vigorous cancer treatment.	2
Twelve patients developed central nervous system (CNS) depression, defined as National Cancer Institute Common Toxicity Criteria (NCI-CTC) neurocortical toxicity grade 2 or higher.	2
Hematocrit was 20% (previously 33%).	2
RESULTS: For this patient, clopidogrel (Plavix) therapy was the only risk factor related to SSEH.	2
The features of neuroleptic malignant syndrome are reviewed with a differential diagnosis of myoglobin renal casts.	2
The dog responded well to conservative therapy for immune-mediated hemolytic anemia (IMHA).	2
This report describes the clinical course of the patient over a period of 4 months after the nerve block and the post-mortem findings along with a brief review of the literature.	2
The natural history of this condition is resolution without sequelae after appropriate therapeutic intervention for the vena cava thrombosis.	2
Severe flare-up in a prostate cancer patient treated with luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone analogue depot.	2
Adding morphine (5 mg/60 mL levobupivicaine) permitted a reduction in infusion rate.	2
In 3 dogs scheduled for surgical removal of cataracts, systemic and topical treatment with antibiotics and topical ocular treatment with prednisolone, atropine, flurbiprofen, and phenylephrine were used to achieve maximal mydriasis, with minimal risk of pupillary constriction in response to surgery.	2
One complication is toxic leukoencephalopathy, which is due to a direct toxic effect of chemotherapeutic agents on the central nervous system white matter.	2
Supportive management was the mainstay of therapy.	2
Treatment with CSA was started after a nonresponding course of prednisone.	2
Levosimendan (LS) is a novel calcium sensitizer drug that enhances cardiac contractility without increasing myocardial oxygen consumption, and induces vasodilatation.	2
It is quite possible that vancomycin was the only culprit, but impossible to ensure with the available evidence.	2
Microscopic sections from a biopsy at 12 h revealed epidermal necrosis, superficial ulceration, and a mild superficial and deep perivascular lymphoid infiltrate, associated with numerous thrombi of small vessels throughout the dermis.	2
Most antidepressants and also antipsychotics are metabolized by the polymorphic debrisoquine/sparteine hydroxylase, i.e., cytochrome P450 (CYP)2D6.	2
Although the incidence of antimalarial psychosis is unclear and perhaps small, we recommend close observation of patients for behavioral changes suggesting the development of antimalarial psychosis.	2
Although rare, this complication may not be disregarded in the cases that require intraocular corticosteroids for treatment of several conditions, especially in patients who had previously suffered from toxoplasmosis infection.	2
Biopsies of the iliac crest demonstrated the presence of severe osteomalacia and massive deposition of aluminum in the bone.	2
However, in instances of spontaneous TLS complicated by the normally low glomerular filtration rate in the newborn infant, the use of rasburicase and other supportive care measures may still be inadequate, warranting further study.	2
This hypersensitivity response cannot be explained pathophysiologically by any mechanism.	2
Implications for the neonate.	2
Over the last five years three new classes have been released.	2
BACKGROUND: Methotrexate (MTX) is a folic acid antagonist used in high doses as adjuvant chemotherapy for osteosarcoma.	2
Adverse effects are typically limited to treatment site erythema and erosion.	2
We report of a case of severe disseminated U. urealyticum infection in a 35-y-old kidney transplanted patient with CVID.	2
Akathisia is generally considered to result from D2 dopamine receptor antagonism.	2
The treatment with leflunomide was suspended; the conditions of the patient gradually improved and he became completely asymptomatic 1 week later.	2
Ifosfamide is an alkylating agent used in the treatment of a variety of solid tumours.	2
It causes transient atrioventricular nodal block and thus ends paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardias that involve the atrioventricular node.	2
RESULTS: Two weeks after treatment of the injury with botulinum toxin, the patient reported complete resolution of his symptoms.	2
The patient's medical history was significant for heart transplantation due to ischemic heart failure.	2
The profile of catecholamine metabolites changed: on day 150 of therapy, noradrenaline, adrenaline, and dopamine levels were increased, whereas HVA and VMA levels were decreased when compared to day 1 of therapy.	2
The attributable mortality rate is 15%, with the most significant factor being treatment delay (mean time from presentation to initiation of treatment, 6.74 weeks).	2
We report the case of a 77 year old with Staphylococcus lugdunensis endocarditis following cardiac catheterisation via a femoral approach.	2
An increase of intoxications in persons using alkaloid-containing ornamental plants (mainly angel's trumpet) for their hallucinogenic effects and easy and cheap availability is registered.	2
In all three patients carbamazepine was introduced and gradually increased to a maximum dosage of 25 mg/kg of body weight per day.	2
One major concern with the use of intraperitoneal therapy is the risk of inducing peritoneal sclerosis and extensive adhesion formation.	2
The patient subsequently developed polyuria with a low urine osmolality, hypernatremia and, finally, acute renal failure.	2
The authors describe their use of midodrine in a dialysis patient for the longest period of time reported up to now, documented by a pharmacokinetic study, confirming long-term both clinical efficacy and safety of the drug.	2
However, the pathogenetic mechanism has never been well investigated.	2
Thus, lithium intoxication is a frequent complication of chronic lithium therapy.	2
All 43 participants with exclusively SCs reported increased sensitivity to one or several odors, with no participants reporting decreased sensitivity.	2
Failure of intravenous ribavirin in the treatment of invasive adenovirus infection following allogeneic bone marrow transplantation: a case report.	2
Histological changes were consistent with IgA-nephropathy and focal segmental glomerulosclerosis.	2
A 4-year-old boy presented with fever, septic arthritis, and persistent neutropenia.	2
Late onset subgaleal hemorrhage infection with Streptococcus pneumoniae?	2
Immunosuppressive measles encephalitis.	2
Other laboratory studies, including urine pH, anion gap, titratable acidity, and bicarbonate, showed a distal tubular acidification defect.	2
The authors describe two cases of tardive dyskinesia in which severe axial dystonia and intense facial grimacing produced marked discomfort as well as social and physical disability.	2
Although the symptom complex of disseminated cysticercosis has been well recognized for over half a century, it is not clearly included in recent disease classifications.	2
Involution of endophytic optic disc hemangioma with a single session of photodynamic treatment.	2
Children undergoing chemotherapy, postsurgical procedures and those with AIDS are at increased risk for developing this unique type of shock.	2
Published data on the use of vitamin D for prophylaxis or treatment of any form of osteoporosis fail to document benefits superior to those of calcium alone or calcium with estrogens and fluoride.	2
This case illustrates the need for close ECG monitoring during ritodrine treatment when clinical symptoms arise.	2
No hematologic or blood chemistry abnormalities related to L-AmpB treatment were observed.	2
Since epithelial downgrowth involves an actively proliferating intraocular tissue, it is possible that the antimetabolite 5-fluorouracil may inhibit it.	2
Primary Hodgkin's disease of the CNS in an immunocompetent patient: a case study and review of the literature.	2
Four recovered fully within 24 h, two recovered partially after 24 h and completely after 48 h while two recovered only after 72 h.	2
Biochemical parameters of liver cell damage returned to normal levels 6 months later.	2
Pretreatment best-corrected visual acuities ranged from 20/40 to 20/400 (mean, 20/70 using Snellen fractions) and improved two to eight (mean, five) Snellen lines, to a range of 20/20 to 20/50 (mean, 20/25).	2
CONCLUSIONS: We describe a previously unreported complication of warfarin therapy in a patient over 75 years of age, to add to the cautions in prescribing this drug in patients of this age group.	2
Rechallenge with chlorothiazide while on a sodium- and potassium-controlled balanced diet resulted in a decrease in serum sodium concentration (136 to 124 mEq/L) and plasma osmolality (283 to 261 mOsm/kg) within 18 hours.	2
A 39 year old white male with a 55% total body surface burn who developed neuroleptic malignant syndrome (NMS) during his acute course is reported.	2
Central nervous system (CNS) toxicity other than optic neuropathy is not widely reported.	2
BOOP is mainly treated with corticosteroids, which induce a rapid clinical improvement.	2
Clinical evidence of vena cava thrombosis and associated spontaneous intraventricular hemorrhage developed on Day 24 and 36, respectively, and these findings were confirmed on imaging studies.	2
Our review also indicates that impairment of neonatal thyroid function may be minimized by using a thioamide dose that is just sufficient to maintain the maternal serum free thyroxine concentration in the high normal or slightly thyrotoxic range.	2
Three PC lines broke at the time of removal resulting in a length of line remaining in the central venous system (the superior vena cava, innominate vein, and bracheo-cephalic subclavian junction).	2
After ciprofloxacin treatment, the ulcer healed and visual acuity recovered to 20/20 with spectacle correction.	2
The authors report on the effects of acute confusional states and deliria (pharmacogenic confusional syndromes - PCS), occurring under the influence of psychotropic drugs on the depressive syndrome of three patients.	2
Subsequently, five episodes of Wenckebach (Mobitz type 1) heart block with a ventricular rate of 28 beats/minute were observed on continuous cardiac telemetry.	2
There was a dramatic increase in cardiac output 20 minutes after LS infusion, and weaning from cardiopulmonary bypass circulation was achieved.	2
Symptoms of CIPS were not observed.	2
A repeated low dose of the drug induced hyperkalaemia.	2
The dog underwent multiple operations involving internal fixation of the fractured scapula with wire and a plate, followed by extensive chemotherapy with antibiotics and prednisolone.	2
Daptomycin for eradication of a systemic infection with a methicillin-resistant-Staphylococcus aureus in a biventricular assist device recipient.	2
Both the skin lesions and the enteropathy respond to gluten restriction.	2
This drug has not been studied prospectively in large numbers of pregnant women and lacks the Food and Drug Administration's approval for gestational use unless benefits clearly outweigh potential fetal harm.	2
The leukoencephalopathy, documented clinically and by CT and EEG, cleared after 2350 mg of leucovorin (citrovorum factor, folinic acid) was given in addition to the 135 mg given as part of the therapy.	2
Complex biochemical syndrome of hypocalcemia and hypoparathyroidism during cytotoxic treatment of an infant with leukemia.	2
A second challenge while the patient received all fluids and electrolytes intravenously again resulted in decreased serum sodium concentration (134 to 126 mEq/L) after urinary loss of only 69 mEq of cation.	2
There is no information to support the possibility of increase risk of late pregnancy complications or change in the natural course of the disease.	2
In patients with recurrent malignant glioma, treatment-related myelodysplastic syndrome (t-MDS) and acute leukemia are rare adverse effects because the median survival after relapse is limited.	2
He had a history of hypertension and uremia.	2
This may lead to misdiagnosis as migraine and delayed appropriate diagnosis and treatment.	2
Two pediatric oncology patients with Ewing's sarcoma and one with mixed germ cell tumor were treated with drug regimens that included bleomycin or cyclophosphamide.	2
Severely elevated serum lithium levels were found.	2
Most reports have been in adult patients, with rare reports in the pediatric population.	2
Children seem to be unusually sensitive to the depressant effects of clonidine.	2
Both the TMA and the CMV resolved after initiation of the ganciclovir.	2
Twelve patients with hematologic malignancies complicated by fungal infections were treated with liposomal amphotericin B (L-AmpB).	2
A CT scan of the brain showed numerous small discrete lesions.	2
After the patient died, enteroviral RNA was also detected in his lungs, liver, and spleen, indicating a generalized infection.	2
Safety of nab-paclitaxel plus sunitinib: analysis of three cases.	2
Two patients had a predominantly axonal and sensory polyneuropathy of the lower legs with fasciculations in one of them.	2
The pathogenesis of tardive dyskinesia is distinct from and may be functionally opposite to that of parkinsonism.	2
Grade IV leucopenia and thrombocytopenia were observed in one of three patients at the 100 mg/m2 dose level.	2
Disturbance of GABA metabolism in pyridoxine-dependent seizures.	2
Before the introduction of anti-vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) drugs, photodynamic therapy (PDT) was used, with conflicting functional results.	2
Biopsy taken from the site did not reveal any granulomatous or atrophic changes and cultures of the biopsy did not yield any organism.	2
Both neonates were normal at birth and have shown subsequent normal development.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Prolonged infusion of tissue plasminogen activator in escalating doses was safe and effective in the management of a large intracardiac catheter-tip thrombus and helped avoid open-heart surgery.	2
Blurred vision, left bundle-branch block and cardiac failure.	2
The neuropathological changes had features similar to those seen in leukoencephalopathy with intrathecal administration of methotrexate.	2
Giant cell lichenoid dermatitis in a patient with baboon syndrome.	2
It allows safe administration of a different platinum agent in patients who seem to benefit from platinum-based therapy.	2
Seven of 10 patients experienced serious adverse events, which led to withdrawal of linezolid in all seven.	2
Despite therapeutic drug monitoring and subsequent efavirenz dosage reductions, side-effects did not resolve completely and lopinavir concentrations remained relatively low.	2
The subject is a 66-year old woman, with a negative medical history of atopy, food and drug allergy, with arterial hypertension on a course of beta-blockers and with bladder carcinoma requiring surgery.	2
Herbal remedies are commonly used for psychiatric problems, but there is virtually no data about the use of these substances by young persons or by patients in treatment.	2
It has been described most recently in patients with solid tumors who receive taxane-based therapy.	2
Additional PKP was performed with perioperative intravenous administration of ganciclovir.	2
Ayurveda is an East Indian tradition involving the treatment of medical ailments through the use of herbal medications.	2
Elements in the patient's history that may be risk factors are discussed.	2
Prevention by mass media should mainly focus on the medical fatalities of abuse and not emphasize the hallucinogenic effects, presumably increasing unwanted interest for these plants among youths.	2
On this regimen, relative clearing of the psoriatic lesions has been achieved with no significant side effects.	2
We report on a case of a female patient with a chronic schizoaffective psychosis, who was treated for 3 months with 3 x 3 mio IE IFN-alpha s.c./week because of a chronic hepatitis C (genotype 1b).	2
Epstein-Barr virus-associated lymphoproliferative disease (EBV-LPD) is a serious disorder seen in various states of immunodeficiency, often with a fatal outcome.	2
A left L1 transforaminal approach was successful, and 1 mL of iopamidol (Isovue) contrast was injected, followed by 5 mL of a solution of 0.125% bupivacaine and 40 mg of triamcinolone.	2
Three cases with touch of an intact anterior vitreous face to the cornea following phacoemulsification had moderate corneal edema.	2
In conclusion, a case of prednisone sensitivity in a patient with SLE is presented here.	2
Paroxysmal hemicrania responding to topiramate.	2
BACKGROUND: Several genetic polymorphisms increase the risk for venous thrombembolism (VTE).	2
Starting dosages were 134 and 201 mg/day, and were increased to 268 mg/day in both patients.	2
Identification of the antigenic determinants of FDE-inducing drugs will make predicting safe alternatives in patients with FDE an easier task.	2
In one recording a short period of regular sinus rhythm with intermittent 2/1 S-A block was observed.	2
PDT was performed twice, but after the second cycle, patient developed choroidal ischemia and the visual outcomes were poor.	2
Although this drug interaction is well established in the literature, we found no documented cases that address its effects on anticoagulation parameters in patients requiring repeated cycles of 5-fluorouracil and continuous warfarin therapy.	2
We report a case in which transient sinus arrest was observed under general anesthesia.	2
Throughout the patient's clinical course, the activity of plasma VWF-cleaving protease, which specifically cleaves the Tyr842-Met843 bond of the subunit and reduces its multimeric sizes, was quite normal (95-119%).	2
The first neurological symptoms like paraesthesia, severe hyperpathia of the legs and mild to heavy spinal ataxia occurred after an average time of treatment of 78 days and a mean dosage of 52 g.	2
Polyvinylpyrrolidone-iodine (PI) is a widely used antiseptic agent, safe and effective, in the treatment and prophylaxis of wound sepsis.	2
To best of our knowledge, this entity has never been reported as a problem.	2
Patients reported a decrease in episodes of spontaneous sleeping during the day, fewer myoclonic twitches, improved daily function and greater social interaction.	2
These effects were maintained for the remainder of the patient's chemotherapy protocol.	2
Tolerance to cannabis was not reported.	2
Histological changes after the use of mycophenolate mofetil in autoimmune hepatitis.	2
Essential thrombocythemia in a dog: case report and literature review.	2
Little attention has been paid to infertility in men with epilepsy and little information exists about the mechanisms by which anti-epileptic drugs affect spermatogenesis or sperm function.	2
Symptoms are usually considered nonspecific, and gastroscopy with biopsy is usually performed to establish the diagnosis.	2
Although her seizures stopped, her blood pressure fluctuated between 90/60 mm Hg and 60/30 mm Hg over the next several hours, requiring treatment with intravenous fluids and pressor therapy.	2
In two neonates with antral hyperplasia, the cessation of therapy lessened the gastric-outlet obstruction.	2
BACKGROUND: A healthy 37-year-old African- American man was receiving treatment with trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole double strength.	2
BTX-B has also been shown to be a safe and effective alternative for patients who are resistant to BTX-A.	2
He has not had any further episodes of thrombocytopenia to date.	2
Other reports are needed to establish whether such placental findings are common lesions after such therapy and to determine their impact on pregnancy outcome.	2
Moreover, this case illustrates the usefulness of laser capture microdissection to obtain purified cell populations for molecular studies in lymphomas with relative paucity of tumor cells, as well as the need to analyze different IgH gene regions to decrease the rate of false-negative results in PCR clonality studies.	2
It is generally thought that doses below 500-550 mg/m2 are safe but, when objective measures of cardiac function are used, it becomes apparent that degrees of cardiac failure occur at doses below this.	2
A review of the literature revealed that Paecilomyces species are an infrequent cause of disease in transplant patients, with skin and soft tissue infections being the most common presentation.	2
The patient presented to the emergency department with a few weeks' history of irritability, constipation and intermittent vomiting.	2
He received neoadjuvant chemotherapy and later underwent a right above the knee amputation without complication.	2
After successful treatment, she was given demeclocycline prophylactically and rechallenged with vinorelbine without recurrence of the syndrome.	2
Cultures of the cornea tissue and contact lens storage solution both grew Serratia Marcescens, which was sensitive to ciprofloxacin.	2
We report on a case of an adult patient treated for rheumatoid arthritis with infliximab, a chimerical monoclonal antibody to TNFalpha.	2
Amlodipine was given for the treatment of hypertension.	2
Central nervous system (CNS) disturbances, reported in 12 patients, were the most common unwanted effects.	2
We report a patient who developed adult respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) secondary to Mycobacterium tuberculosis as an immune reconstitution disease.	2
Immunopathology detected in situ bound and circulating immunoglobulin G (IgG) autoantibodies to epithelial cell surfaces and circulating IgG autoantibodies against desmoglein 1.	2
Pediatric and cardiovascular surgeons recommended open-heart surgery as the safest option for catheter removal to avoid the risk of superior vena cava occlusion, vascular rupture, or embolization.	2
Patients with Crohn's disease may have reduced absorption in the small bowel due to loss of effective surface area secondary to chronic inflammation, ulcerative lesions, or resection.	2
A 69-year-old type 2 diabetic man was admitted due to diabetic gangrane.	2
Immune tolerance in a haemophilia A patient with high inhibitor using locally prepared lyophilized cryoprecipitate.	2
We report three representative cases of sequential prostate specific antigen (PSA) elevation following initial response to this combined androgen blockade.	2
However, the patient became steroid-dependent and experienced recurrent optic neuritis during multiple attempts at tapering the steroids.	2
In all three patients, HDL cholesterol levels returned to normal following drug withdrawal.	2
Consistent with the data in healthy volunteers, a major interaction between esomeprazole and atazanavir-ritonavir was observed in this patient-marked reductions in atazanavir trough plasma concentration and in the area under the concentration-time curve from 0-24 hours-whereas an interaction between esomeprazole and fosamprenavir-ritonavir was not apparent in this patient.	2
We hypothesize that during interferon therapy, melanocytes may produce more melanin pigment in the presence of alpha-melanocyte stimulating hormone and sufficient amounts of tyrosine, leading to melanin deposits and clinical hyperpigmentation.	2
While the combination of daily oral steroids and daily oral cyclophosphamide dramatically improves the outcome of WG, this therapy is not without serious side effects.	2
Exuberant molluscum contagiosum as a manifestation of the immune reconstitution inflammatory syndrome.	2
At the time of admission, he was not receiving any drugs and denied any previous exposure to a hepatotoxic agent.	2
Radiological imaging revealed diffuse cortical necrosis.	2
A 69-year-old man presented with a rare case of retinal artery embolization, which occurred as a complication of carotid angioplasty and carotid artery stenting performed for recurrent cerebral infarction.	2
This paper contributed to the identification of possible reactions in the oral cavity due to antiretroviral medication.	2
Fluoxetine is a relatively new antidepressant, reported to have minimal side-effects.	2
Basic drugs were screened for by liquid-liquid extraction followed by gas chromatography-nitrogen-phosphorus (GC-NPD) and gas chromatography-mass spectrometry-electron impact detection utilizing both in-house and commercial search libraries.	2
Four of these were derived from a study of 100 schizophrenic patients on maintenance neuroleptic medication, thereby giving a prevalence of 4% in such patients.	2
The case report of the corticosteroid complication in an eight-year-old girl with immune thrombocytopenic purpura is presented.	2
Treatment was completed without further complication by using amphotericin B and ketoconazole concurrently.	2
L-asparaginase is a key component of the antileukemic therapy in children with acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL).	2
This report describes a case of perforated appendicitis and ectopic pregnancy following in-vitro fertilization (IVF) and embryo transfer.	2
Intravesical chemotherapy may be associated with a risk of secondary malignancy.	2
Copaxone is a drug approved for the treatment of MS, and one that is very well tolerated with a high safety profile and relatively few side effects.	2
It can be induced by CSA and is totally reversible when the drug is rapidly withdrawn.	2
Over the next two days, the purpura began to resolve.	2
Reversal reaction to Hansen's disease.	2
The transmethylation reaction is essential to DNA synthesis and to the maintenance of the myelin sheath by the methylation of myelin basic protein.	2
The administration of amyl nitrite and sodium thiosulfate led to a rapid improvement: the parameters reflecting oxygen metabolism improved and the plasma level of cyanide decreased.	2
Dysgammaglobulinemia in steroid-dependent optic neuritis: response to gammaglobulin treatment.	2
Risk factors for Zygomycosis were prolonged neutropenia, corticosteroids, and steroid induced diabetes mellitus.	2
All 3 patients died.	2
Her past history suggested a congenital bleeding disorder.	2
Opioid drugs markedly delayed clearance of Tc-IDA from the common bile duct, simulating common bile duct obstruction.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Early recognition of this serious pharmacogenetic syndrome may allow for the modification of future chemotherapy, thus avoiding further life-threatening toxicities.	2
The patient was found comatose and experienced repeated generalized tonic-clonic seizures, aspiration with subsequent pneumonia, hypotension, and an increase in PR interval.	2
Despite several doses of intravenous rasburicase (2 doses of 0.1 mg/kg and 4 doses of 0.2 mg/kg), as well as aggressive supportive therapy, the infant died of complications arising from uncontrolled TLS.	2
Priapism is a rare disorder defined as a persistent penile erection that continues hours beyond, or is unrelated to, sexual stimulation.	2
During the management of intracranial hemorrhage, hyperkalemia developed.	2
Seven of the twelve were treated with beta blockers; 3 of whom suffered cardiac arrest.	2
An unusual complication of chemotherapy: an abscess in the pterygopalatine fossa.	2
Anti-hypertensive therapy with propranolol during pregnancy and lactation.	2
We encountered 2 patients with a psychiatric disorder (depression in one and catatonia in one) accompanied by motor inhibition that was complicated by pulmonary embolism (PE).	2
Tc-99m labelled anti CD 66 antigranulocyte antibody imaging for assessment of bone marrow reserve.	2
In addition to our reported cases, 5 cases of nephrotic syndrome in similar patients reported elsewhere are analyzed together with our cohort.	2
Recognition of this acute drug-induced state can lead to appropriate short-term pharmacotherapy and can prevent misdiagnosis of a major affective disorder or schizophrenia.	2
The neurotoxicity was associated with oculomotor disturbances expressed primarily as weakness of convergence and divergence.	2
Between 1988 and 1993, 525 adults underwent OLT.	2
In both patients the carcinoma developed on areas not usually exposed to sunlight.	2
RESULTS: Despite high pretreatment values of serum alanine aminotransferase (ALT; peak value of 901 IU/L) and HCV-RNA (2.3 x 10(6) copies/ml), the combination therapy with IFN and ribavirin produced a rapid normalization of the serum ALT values, accompanied by the clearance of serum HCV-RNA.	2
The aim was to determine the source of the recurrent lesion based on its morphology and the patient's verbal history.	2
He and his wife had been examined and treated as an infertile couple for 3 years.	2
No changes in respiratory/hemodynamic status or oxygen saturation were observed.	2
A search of MEDLINE (1966 to November 1998) and International Pharmaceutical Abstracts (1970 to November 1998) did not reveal a similar case.	2
Two patients with classical effort-induced angina pectoris associated with abnormal ST-segment depression on graded exercise testing and normal coronary arteriograms are described.	2
Clinicians should be alert to these potential problems in the geriatric population.	2
We describe a 69-year-old female who received tigecycline for treatment of a complicated skin and skin-structure infection.	2
Although she was born after vacuum delivery and a scalp swelling was noticed from the third day of life, this swelling disappeared completely at the age of 3 months.	2
The fact that this phenomenon was not seen in >1,400 patients studied in clinical trials indicates that it is likely to be rare and idiosyncratic.	2
IMPLICATIONS: Dexmedetomidine, an alpha(2)-adrenoceptor agonist, is indicated for sedating patients on mechanical ventilation.	2
Cerebrospinal fluid examination showed albuminocytologic dissociation (total protein concentration 118 mg/dl and 152 mg/dl, respectively).	2
The technique of immunocytochemistry was used to identify myoglobin in kidney, confirming a diagnosis of neuroleptic malignant syndrome following an otherwise obscure autopsy in a decomposed body.	2
A mere hypoperfusion of the kidney does not seem sufficient to account for all 5 observations: in 3 of them changes in blood pressure did not parallel changes in renal function.	2
There are several factors which might promote a peripheral ischemic response to vasopressin in the bleeding cirrhotic patient, including altered resting hemodynamics, increased resting sympathetic tone, impaired vasodilation as a compensatory response to vasopressin, and reduced hepatic drug clearance.	2
Blood chemistries revealed severely depleted sodium and potassium concentrations from a normal baseline within a 7-day period.	2
Neonatal venous cerebral hemorrhage.	2
At surgery, the diagnosis of focal nodular hyperplasia was established.	2
Tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha) inhibitors, such as infliximab and etanercept, are now frequently used in the treatment of inflammatory diseases including rheumatoid arthritis (RA) and Crohn's disease.	2
Power spectrum analysis of heart rate variability demonstrated marked abnormalities in autonomic nervous system activity.	2
CONCLUSIONS: A subgroup of patients with idiopathic sensorineural hearing loss (SNHL) will have steroid-dependent symptoms which can be confirmed using pure-tone audiometry.	2
Other NSAIDs of the propionic acid family can also cause pseudoporphyria.	2
The role of chemotherapy in the induction of such secondary tumors after transplantation is discussed, and a proposal for the approach to these patients is suggested.	2
Various probe drugs may be used for phenotyping CYP2D6 (debrisoquine, dextromethorphan and sparteine) and CYP2C19 (mephenytoin and omeprazole).	2
Data obtained from animal studies support the established hypothesis that lactate is distributed like other weak organic acids at steady-state; hence, alkalemia should favor a shift of lactate from the intracellular fluid (ICF) to the extracellular fluid (ECF).	2
Recurrent prosthetic hip infections, particularly in immunosuppressive patients, should alert the physician to consider the possibility of both tuberculous and atypical mycobacterial infections.	2
The delusion occurred in an agitated hypomanic state and was preceded by an intense pruritus.	2
Leukopenia and agranulocytosis are well reported and dangerous haematological side-effects associated with the use of typical and atypical antipsychotics.	2
Even though AZ tends to strongly bind to plasma protein and its clearance is generally poor by hemodialysis (HD), in our patient, HD was observed to be rather effective since the clearance of AZ was 45.8 ml/min on HD and 66 ml/min on direct hemoperfusion (DHP).	2
Magnetic resonance imaging findings on day 10 showed periosteal soft tissue changes and mild bone marrow edema of the femora and tibiae.	2
Nimodipine, now widely used for treatment and prevention of cerebrovascular spasm, is regarded as a safe drug.	2
After recovery, the children tolerated continued chemotherapy without any decrease in the doses of drugs.	2
Carboplatin is a chemotherapeutic agent approved in the first-line setting of numerous malignancies.	2
DISCUSSION: SIADH has been reported as a complication of treatment with vinca alkaloids.	2
The patient's blurred vision gradually improved, but visual field defect remained.	2
CASE SUMMARY: A 30-year-old man with bipolar disorder and HIV initiated treatment with lopinavir/ritonavir, zidovudine, and lamivudine.	2
A 22-year-old male, referred to us as a case of multi-drug resistant tuberculosis was diagnosed as allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis (ABPA) after serological and computed tomography confirmation.	2
Thus, the value of close monitoring and when, if ever, it is safe to stop such monitoring are currently unclear.	2
Additionally, a baby bottle allegedly administered to the infant was collected as evidence and sent to the Medical Examiner's Office for evaluation.	2
Sclerodermatous syndrome after occupational exposure to herbicides--response to systemic steroids.	2
METHODS: Four consecutive patients underwent high-risk penetrating keratoplasty (4 grafts) with a prior diagnosis of corneal scar secondary to herpetic keratitis, keratoconus, acanthamoeba keratitis, and Fuchs endothelial dystrophy, respectively.	2
When the patient presented to our service he was taking NVP, zidovudine, and lamivudine.	2
A literature review has identified only 9 additional cases.	2
Edema disappeared two to three days after stopping therapy but reappeared in all five patients after being reexposed to the drugs.	2
The remaining two patients were alive and well at median follow-up of 24 months (range, 4-25 months).	2
We report on a 30-year-old man with metastatic non seminomatous germ cell tumor of the left testicle to the abdomen and the lungs, who suddenly developed a bilateral spontaneous pneumothorax after the first course of salvage chemotherapy.	2
Without any further intervention the patient had 2 separate and prolonged PSA increases and decreases 12-35 months after therapy.	2
The improvement in initiative and social capacity was striking and appeared to be due to improved awareness of the environment and the acquisition and handling of useful knowledge.	2
A prompt and accurate diagnosis is crucial.	2
We report a case of hip fracture during treatment which was associated with osteoporosis.	2
The mean CYP2D6 activity is lower in Oriental than in Caucasian populations, because of a frequent mutation causing decreased enzyme activity.	2
The case emphasises that immune reconstitution can be an extremely aggressive complication of HAART.	2
We report a case of fatal adenovirus infection in a 37-year-old female who underwent allogeneic bone marrow transplantation (BMT) for acute myelogenous leukaemia (AML).	2
The preclinical activity profile combined with the hematological toxicity data in rodents and the water solubility of the compound compare favorably with MMC.	2
Verrucae plantaris--effective treatment with bleomycin: review of the literature and case presentations.	2
The rapid progression under medical therapy prompted us to replace the thoracic aorta with an 8-mm polytetrafluoroethylene graft, using extracorporeal circulation and core cooling.	2
Multiple acquired haemostatic defects.	2
Subsequently, a diagnosis of anticholinergic poisoning was made, based on tachycardia, delirium, dry mucosa, and reduced bowel sounds.	2
On the basis of the clinico-radiologic presentation, a pulmonary hemorrhage was likely to occur; so to clarify the origin of this process, a complete serologic examination was performed but all the antibodies were negative.	2
In some patients, this pH shift may be quite transient and temporary; whereas, in some patients with other maladies, the acidosis may be much more serious.	2
Patients receiving these agents are at risk of acute or subacute pulmonary damage.	2
A brain magnetic resonance image showed multiple high signal intensities on T2-weighted images predominantly located at the parietooccipital lobe.	2
Only few reports exist on iodine-induced hypothyroidism after a single injection of the iodized radiopaque dye Lipiodol.	2
Computed tomography and magnetic resonance imaging of the brain showed acute infarctions bilaterally in the cerebellum.	2
The only recent change in their treatment was the introduction or increased dosage of zonisamide.	2
During the terminal stage, a considerable decrease in the size of the liver was observed.	2
CONCLUSION: The profound hypoxemia in this case was likely due to a combination of intra- and extrapulmonary shunt, both augmented by sodium nitroprusside.	2
In addition, immunohistochemical findings of a dense CD8+, TIA1+ and granzyme B+ lymphoid infiltrate within a biopsied lesion provide indirect evidence of functional T-cell activation induced by treatment.	2
We present a series of cases of phenytoin toxicity where the diagnosis was initially missed.	2
BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Penile erections following the initiation of either axial regional or general anesthesia is rare; however, when it occurs in patients undergoing urologic procedures it may delay, or even cancel, the planned surgery.	2
The focus of this case report is to create awareness within the clinician that, in addition to evaluating the patient for the disease related issues that may affect the oral cavity and dentition, a total management plan should include factors beyond the structural oral problems related to the cancer.	2
We therefore assume that the risk of severe neurological complications is underestimated.	2
The impressive and significant success rate for complete resolution of verrucous lesions without subsequent scarring has shown this approach to be an effective treatment for plantar warts.	2
These effects can increase the likelihood of its aspiration and subsequent impaired clearance from the respiratory tract.	2
A clinical history was taken, and laboratory and imaging tests were performed.	2
All of the patients manifested an increase in serum CK levels 1 to 3 months after the administration of antithyroid drugs.	2
The relationship between this paraneoplastic endocrine syndrome and the clinical course of the tumor is examined in this review of patients with the ectopic ACTH syndrome and small cell carcinoma seen at The Johns Hopkins Oncology Center between 1973 and 1979.	2
PVT was diagnosed on colour Doppler ultrasonography (US).	2
METHODS: Five patients with recurrent haze after myopic PRK were retreated with phototherapeutic keratectomy and topical thiotepa.	2
Although a single case, this report questions the safety of using an intraoperative application of mitomycin C for preventing a recurrence of pterygium.	2
The co-occurrence of bingeing, irritability and anterograde amnesia is suggestive of a drug-induced Kleine-Levin Syndrome.	2
Rapid development of keratoacanthoma and accelerated transformation into squamous cell carcinoma of the skin: a mutagenic effect of polychemotherapy in a patient with Hodgkin's disease?	2
These findings suggest that the arterial vasoconstriction decreased the integrity of the intestinal mucosal barrier and permitted the transmural migration of enteric organisms from the lumen of the bowel into the ascites-filled peritoneal cavity.	2
He continued inhaled tobramycin 300 mg twice daily, his home doses of pancreatic replacement enzymes and vitamins, albuterol 2.5 mg by high flow nebulizer (HFN) 4 times daily, and dornase alpha 2.5 by HFN daily.	2
METHOD: A case report.	2
He was fed by mouth and had occasional episodes of coughing and choking during feeding.	2
As bilateral subthalamic nucleus (STN) stimulation produced improvement in his motor symptoms, his drug dosages were reduced postoperatively.	2
Lymphocytes were elevated in bronchoalveolar lavage, and progressively normalized upon discontinuation of the drug.	2
Afterwards the thrombocyte count continuously decreased to normal values.	2
Seven cases of successfully treated Candida albicans cerebrospinal fluid shunt infections are reported.	2
Heparin was given for 15 hours after stenting, and aspirin and ticlopidine medication were continued.	2
Disseminated cysticercosis.	2
Cysticercosis, the infestation with the encysted larval stage of Taenia solium, is increasingly recognized as a major problem in most countries in Latin America, Asia, and Africa, involving mainly the central nervous system.	2
Past medical history was significant for hepatitis C and bipolar disorder.	2
Familial Mediterranean Fever (FMF) is an inherited disease, closely following the pattern of autosomal recessive inheritance.	2
When the morning count of WBC began to fall, WBC count was repeated in the afternoons.	2
Perforated gastric ulcer in an asthmatic treated with theophylline and steroids.	2
Histiocytic lymphoma of the ileocecal region developed in a patient with multiple myeloma following successful long-term alkylating agent therapy.	2
A 70-year-old homebound patient was experiencing new onset porthostatic hypotension and lightheadedness.	2
Infection and thromboembolic events are relatively frequent complications, but aneurysm formation is rare.	2
Candida albicans shunt infection.	2
Antimalarial psychosis revisited.	2
No symptomatic hypoglycemia or sudden incapacitation occurred.	2
Acute aflatoxicosis: case report.	2
The second patient, a 60-year-old woman, was hospitalized because of a corneal ulcer in her left eye.	2
PAS was stopped and the patient's blood glucose concentrations became normal.	2
Atypical antipsychotic induced mild hypothermia.	2
Symptomatic cluster headache related to ocular pathologies have been rarely described.	2
We evaluated the response to gluten restriction and normal diet by following the status of the patient's jejunal biopsies and skin lesions.	2
Clonidine is an antihypertensive agent with central and peripheral alpha-2 adrenergic effects.	2
As more women of childbearing age are being identified as HIV infected, vertical transmission to the fetus and/or neonate is an increasingly significant therapeutic problem.	2
With this in mind, the authors present the case of a 32-year-old chronically institutionalized schizophrenic who showed a remarkable improvement in both tardive dyskinesia and psychotic symptoms following an open trial of clozapine, 900 mg daily.	2
Both patients responded to intravenous administration of diazepam 10 mg and were given levetiracetam as maintenance therapy.	2
Hypertension was treated with acepromazine maleate (0.001 to 0.005 mg/kg of body weight) i.v., decreasing arterial pressures to reference values.	2
PURPOSE: To describe the treatment of cytomegalovirus (CMV) retinitis with intravitreal sustain-release ganciclovir devices in a 16-year-old patient in third remission of acute lymphoblastic leukemia after stem cell transplantation.	2
Inflammatory mononuclear cells and granulocytes typically seen in patients with diffuse lamellar keratitis (DLK) were absent.	2
BACKGROUND: The incidence of Mycobacterium avium complex (MAC) infection is increasing among patients with AIDS.	2
Atypical antipsychotic induced hypothermia is a rare adverse effect that may present with mild to severe symptoms.	2
We report here our results concerning this complication which may occur in any patient with Hodgkin's disease undergoing intensive therapy.	2
The amounts of total brompheniramine, dextromethorphan, and pseudoephedrine remaining in the baby bottle were 1.4 mg, 9.4 mg, and 40 mg, respectively.	2
Pantavalent antimony can cause a wide range of adverse effects, the most serious of which are cardiotoxicity and hepatotoxicity.	2
Four of the aviators were allowed to continue on active duty with limitations and one was disqualified.	2
Both serum hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg) and hepatitis B surface antibody (HBsAb) were negative on admission.	2
Occurrence in mycosis fungoides treated with psoralens plus long-wave ultraviolet radiation.	2
Strychnine poisoning in an adolescent.	2
Spinal nerve block by intrathecal phenol-glycerine infusion is commonly employed for relief of severe pain in terminal carcinomatosis and, frequently, a dramatic regional anesthetic effect is achieved.	2
Venlafaxine was chosen (daily dose 75 mg) because this drug is claimed not to bind on muscarinic cholinergic receptors.	2
Hepatic failure developed after a routine surgical procedure.	2
A within-series phase change design (ABABC) was used to evaluate the effect of video distraction and relaxation in the treatment of a 29-year-old male with anticipatory vomiting associated with cancer chemotherapy.	2
Pregnancy and neonatal outcome were uneventful in both.	2
None of these patients had cystic or other significant macular changes.	2
A 66-year-old female with chronic renal failure was referred to our hospital because of drowsiness and an acute deterioration of renal function.	2
Spinal shock protocol with high-dose methylprednisolone was begun without change.	2
We suggest that voriconazole may be a useful treatment alternative to the more traditional therapy with amphotericin B-based agents.	2
We enrolled eight out of 155 patients with advanced melanoma in a multicentre phase II trial that evaluated the activity and tolerability of ipilimumab, a fully human, anti-CTLA-4 monoclonal antibody ( www.clinicaltrials.gov ; NCT00289627; CA184-008).	2
Discussion covers conjunctival carcinoma and behaviour of HIV-related tumours with antiretroviral therapy.	2
This idiosynactic adverse reaction has not been previously described.	2
Dobutamine 5 micrograms.kg-1.min-1 and sodium nitroprusside 1 microgram.kg-1.min-1 were used to increase cardiac output.	2
The patient reported herein strengthens the association between the 22q11.2 deletion spectrum and Evans syndrome.	2
The concentrations of quetiapine in these cases are 6-16 times greater than the upper reported therapeutic range (0.1-1.0 mg/L).	2
To eradicate the infection, we performed two vitrectomies and treated the patient with numerous intravitreal antibiotic injections.	2
These symptoms resolved but recurred rapidly (within 24 h) and were more debilitating following a second exposure to the same antibiotics at the same doses 8 months later when the patient was readmitted for treatment of another cystic fibrosis-related pulmonary exacerbation.	2
DISCUSSION: Neonates may be at particular risk for TLS given their immature renal function and its predisposition toward metabolic derangements.	2
This report emphasizes the unnecessary hazard accompanying use of a potentially toxic drug-especially when prepared in error by the pharmacist-when a safer drug (nystatin) is available for treatment of oral candidiasis.	2
He developed a painful symmetrical purpuric eruption over both feet after three days.	2
The development of lymphoma in the gastric stump is rare.	2
Chronic irritation of the gastric antral mucosa led to ulceration and formation of hyperplastic polyps.	2
Both the long-term affects of residual catheter within the central venous system and the need to remove the foreign body have yet to be addressed.	2
During a subsequent course of radiotherapy, the patient developed fever, headaches, and cutaneous lesions.	2
As with previously reported cases, the condition presents in young women and results in edema of the palms with visibly prominent eccrine ducts after brief exposure to water.	2
Drug-induced ocular pemphigoid has been reported to occur after long-term use of topical glaucoma medications.	2
ACE inhibitor fetopathy is characterized by fetal hypotension, anuria-oligohydramnios, growth restriction, pulmonary hypoplasia, renal tubular dysplasia, and hypocalvaria.	2
Here we describe a clinical case in which time to diagnosis from the onset of peptic symptoms was delayed more than 10 years, in part reflecting symptom masking by continuous prescription of the PPI omeprazole.	2
Pain was reduced in severity by day 29 and completely resolved once tacrolimus was discontinued on day 42.	2
Use of fenofibrate in the management of protease inhibitor-associated lipid abnormalities.	2
In 6 of 10 patients, several treatment attempts either had failed or could not be used due to severe side effects or underlying disease.	2
Small doses of smoked cannabis may improve pain, mood and sleep in some patients with chronic pain.	2
She subsequently developed microbial keratitis at 1 o'clock adjacent to the limbus.	2
This report presents a patient with membranoproliferative glomerulonephritis (MPGN) who developed KS following treatment with long-term medium dose glucocorticoid and short-term additional immunosuppressives.	2
These findings are discussed in the context of the few previous reports and are particularly important for future genetic counselling.	2
Three patients had a complete remission, five had a partial remission, and four showed no improvements.	2
It is recommended that patients be diligently screened before starting TNF-alpha antagonist therapy and that vigilance for symptoms of demyelinating disease/multiple sclerosis be included in follow-up examinations during treatment with these drugs.	2
Laparotomy revealed it to be unresectable.	2
Antibiotic-associated neutropenia.	2
Transient bullous dermolysis of the newborn does not represent an obstacle to administering appropriate chemotherapy when simple precautions are taken.	2
Open-lung biopsy revealed grade 2 lymphocytic bronchiolitis, the pathologic and immunologic correlate of acute pulmonary GVHD.	2
Subsequently, an improvement in the hemodynamic profile (BP 140/78 mm Hg, mean HR 91 beats/min) was noted.	2
Excessive use of salbutamol inhalers is described in two young people with asthma, a girl and a boy both aged 15 years.	2
A liver biopsy obtained 10 days after the initial presentation revealed centroacinar necrosis and beginning fibrous reorganization, compatible with recent centroacinar damage.	2
Teratogenic effects in a case of maternal treatment for acute myelocytic leukaemia--neonatal and infantile course.	2
Zanamivir, a neuraminidase inhibitor, has shown promise as a drug to control influenza.	2
Progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy after stem cell transplantation, unsuccessfully treated with cidofovir.	2
The dog developed generalized lower motor neuron paralysis, with generalized hyperesthesia, myoglobinuria, and high serum muscle enzyme activities.	2
OBJECTIVES: The objectives of this medicolegal case report were the following: 1) present details of a chronic pain patient (CPP) on chronic opioid analgesic therapy (COAT), who diverted her opioids and was terminated from treatment, and subsequently committed suicide; 2) present both the plaintiff's and defendant's (the COAT prescriber) expert witnesses' opinions as to the allegation of medical abandonment of this patient and other allegations; and 3) based on these opinions, to develop some recommendations as to how pain physicians can minimize their medicolegal risk when termination of the physician-patient relationship is warranted.	2
Treatment with local antibiotics was initiated but the condition of the eye worsened, ultimately resulting in corneal perforation.	2
This case demonstrates the importance of screening electrocardiograms, even in healthy young patients.	2
The blindness may have been a consequence of an immune reactivation inflammatory syndrome caused by this treatment.	2
The combination of maintenance ECT and lithium may be safe and effective in selected cases of refractory depression.	2
This observation suggests that endogenous estradiol may play a beneficial role in male patients with chronic hepatitis C.	2
This case illustrates an association between CMV and TMA in a transplant patient with resolution of the latter after treatment of the CMV.	2
The mechanism of this unusual early and extreme rise of fibrinogen levels is unclear but it probably played a role in the pathogenesis of the cerebrovascular accident.	2
Both cytoplasmic features of adaptation and nuclear alterations were noted in hepatocytes.	2
An unusual cause of hypocalcaemia: magnesium induced inhibition of parathyroid hormone secretion in a patient with subarachnoid haemorrhage.	2
Autopsies of four cases of toxic leukoencephalopathy were performed following standard protocols.	2
Thioamide therapy has improved the outcome of pregnancies complicated by maternal hyperthyroidism, without long-term effects on cognitive and somatic development.	2
Chronic cystoid macular edema that does not respond to topical nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drops may resolve with intravitreal triamcinolone but not with bevacizumab.	2
Single and multiple verrucous plantaris lesions are well known for their resistance to conservative methods of treatment.	2
There was no clinical or laboratory evidence for an immunologic or toxic insult, although in 1 patient we found a transient leukocyturia and mild proteinuria.	2
CASE: A 71-year-old man without immunodeficiency developed corneal endotheliitis in the right eye.	2
The growing number of United States Food and Drug Administration-approved antidiabetic agents provides a wide range of therapeutic options, both as monotherapy and combination therapy, for treating hyperglycemia in patients with type 2 diabetes.	2
Upon review of the literature, this appears to be the first documented case of drug-induced photosensitisation in the cat.	2
We believe that ritonavir-mediated induction of VPA glucuronidation resulted in a decrease in VPA concentrations and efficacy.	2
A fibrinolytic therapy with recombinant tissue-type plasminogen activator according to the Neuhaus scheme was attempted.	2
Prehospital diagnosis was established by portable blood analyser and an early antidote with 4 MP treatment initiated in out-of-hospital setting.	2
The present report describes the typical profile of SILENT (persisting cerebellar dysfunction) and suggests measures to decrease the incidence of this potentially serious condition, for which no definitive treatment is available.	2
In addition, they should continue to reserve its use for moderate-to-severe Pneumocystis jiroveci pneumonia for which trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole is ineffective or contraindicated.	2
On days 2-6, the patient experienced a myocardial infarction, ischemic cerebrovascular accident, recurrent lower extremity arterial thrombus, and splenic infarct.	2
Hiccupping caused by gastric distention, spicy foods, and neural dysfunction often resolves itself without any treatment.	2
As a direct result of leukocyte imaging, all three underwent fiberoptic bronchoscopy and transbronchial biopsy.	2
Fourteen months after the second stenting, a new elective angiogram was performed without evidence of in-stent restenosis.	2
Serum sickness consists of a systemic reaction resulting from the formation of soluble circulating immunocomplexes after the introduction of a foreign substance into the body We studied a 38-year-old woman diagnosed with anxiety, depression and right sacroileitis who was treated with phenylbutazone, ranitidine, clomipramine and levomepromazine.	2
EEGs and Spect scan results were consistent with dysfunction in the left frontotemporoparietal regions of the brain.	2
Herein, we report the case of a 73-year-old woman who underwent major coronary surgery and developed fatal systemic venous thrombosis after recombinant factor VIIa was used in an attempt to control her severe postoperative bleeding.	2
Possible explanations of this ocular effect are offered: pharmacokinetic interference on the drugs used in glaucoma treatment, in vivo action on the muscarinic receptor, indirect effect via dopaminergic receptors, or direct effect on the ocular sympathetic postganglionic neurones.	2
Fixed drug eruption (FDE) is an unusual type of cutaneous adverse drug reaction that is characterized by recurrent site-specific lesions each time the drug responsible is taken.	2
The ectopic pregnancy was completely resolved with two doses of methotrexate administration.	2
Acute chest pain is a common presentation in emergency.	2
Primary ovarian large B-cell lymphoma in patient with juvenile rheumatoid arthritis treated with low dose Methotrexate.	2
Representative cases illustrate the clinical manifestations of chemoradiation on the developing dentition.	2
This adverse reaction is reported for the first time in a patient not concomitantly treated with other drugs associated with the appearance of priapism.	2
A case of systemic lupus erythematosus complicated by pure red cell aplasia and idiopathic portal hypertension after thymectomy.	2
Left main coronary artery stenosis treatment with two paclitaxel-eluting stents in a patient with cardiac allograft vasculopathy.	2
Intravenous warfarin provides an alternative administration route for patients who cannot receive the oral formulation and cannot be administered subcutaneous low-molecular-weight heparins due to adverse effects.	2
This case demonstrates that although percutaneous retrogasserian phenol injection is a relatively safe and noninvasive method of treatment for trigeminal neuralgia, severe complications may occur.	2
Leucopenia and thrombocytopenia developed but were resolved by hydroxocobalamin infusion during administration.	2
Objective antitumor responses and significant palliation of symptoms have been demonstrated.	2
The membranes resolved and visual acuity improved with topical corticosteroid treatment alone but recurred in all patients on cessation of treatment.	2
CONCLUSIONS: This case describes the original development of a desensitization protocol to high-dose MTX.	2
We present a case of carbamazepine intoxication, successfully treated with three hours of high-flux haemodialysis.	2
Successful treatment of a colonic ulcer penetrating the urinary bladder caused by the administration of calcium polystyrene sulfonate and sorbitol.	2
Therefore, we emphasize the importance of treatment to prevent tumor flare during LH-RH analogue therapy.	2
Linearity was observed up to 2.0 mg/L.	2
Subacute vincristine toxicity following five consecutive daily doses.	2
A 17-yr-old boy with Crohn's disease and growth retardation developed an acute abdominal crisis while receiving total parenteral nutritional support.	2
Biopsy specimens from the oral mucosa and forearm revealed small brown-black granules scattered in the dermis and basal lamina of eccrine sweat glands, blood vessels, and hair follicles under the light microscope.	2
We describe a novel approach to this rare and complicated problem and provide a review of the literature on the subject.	2
The beneficial effect of the long-acting analogue of somatostatin SMS 201-995 in the treatment of acromegaly is described in three cases, and current published experience is reviewed.	2
The patient had a very aggressive type of posttransplantation HCV infection, as judged by biochemical and histologic findings.	2
A prospective controlled trial comparing the treatment effects of psychostimulants and donepezil on patients having opioid-induced sedation is underway.	2
RESULTS: Only when the antidepressant was removed, twice, was treatment an atypical antipsychotic and lithium effective.	2
This case illustrates a potential risk associated with drug eluting stent and alerts clinicians to the life threatening risk of spasm when stenting multiple vessels with drug eluting stent (especially the Taxus stent).	2
Nausea, vomiting and acute pancreatitis were also observed in one patient.	2
Other organisms, including unusual bacteria, fungi, and mycobacteria, comprise 5% or less of cases.	2
After electrolyte supplementation and discontinuation of foscarnet, the symptoms resolved and laboratory indices returned to normal.	2
General practitioners frequently find themselves caught between the desire to treat and relieve symptoms, and not wanting to cause or exacerbate dependence.	2
Ventricular free wall rupture remains the most serious complication after acute myocardial infarction.	2
The other 2 eyes experienced regression of the myopia and astigmatism and had a BCVA of 20/25(-1) or better.	2
Lithium was withdrawn in each case.	2
The data obtained suggest the presence of acquired maturation abnormalities in the B cell compartment.	2
The cost of the demanding lifestyle of military aircrew members and the fear of hypoglycemic episodes can result in periods of sub-optimal glucose control.	2
No myeloma cells were found in the nervous system.	2
The patient was transferred to a rehabilitation center.	2
Corticosteroids and azathioprine are considered standard treatment for autoimmune hepatitis.	2
The risk factors for this presentation remain undefined.	2
UI resolved after discontinuation of the drug and did not reappear after switching to sertraline therapy.	2
Parkinsonism, pyramidal signs, polyneuropathy, and cognitive decline after long-term occupational solvent exposure.	2
RESULTS: All 4 high-risk corneal transplant patients experienced episodes of acute rejection that was successfully reversed with topical tacrolimus treatment.	2
The most commonly cited cause of drug-induced IHA has been receipt of second and third generation cephalosporin antibiotics.	2
Both of these findings are due to the unique effects of rifampicin on steroid metabolism.	2
Staphylococcus lugdunensis endocarditis following cardiac catheterisation.	2
The most common presenting findings were somnolence-lethargy (96%), miosis (56%), and respiratory depression (48%), a paradoxical hypertensive response (44%) was more common than expected.	2
Three patients achieved undetectable HIV loads with enfuvirtide salvage regimens.	2
The main concern is hypoglycemia, which can cause sudden incapacitation.	2
Upon admission, the patient's vital signs were found to be within normal limits, as were his liver profile results, complete blood count, thyroid-stimulating-hormone level, and serum chemistry panel.	2
PURPOSE: To present a case of recurrent postoperative endophthalmitis with a scleral-tunnel abscess and adjacent microbial keratitis.	2
Renal sonogram showed hyperechogenic medullary papillae, which resolved during convalescence.	2
The delirium was not affected by administration of alprazolam.	2
However, this class of drugs can lead to adverse effects on other organs.	2
The potential for absorption is not well described in patients with impaired gastrointestinal (GI) mucosa.	2
CONCLUSION: Based on the easily managed toxicities and apparent efficacy of the regimen of weekly nab-paclitaxel and daily sunitinib, we conclude that further evaluation is warranted to assess the efficacy of this combination therapy in previously chemotherapy-treated patients with advanced thoracic cancer.	2
Vitamin D toxicity is associated with enhanced resorption of bone in some patients.	2
Significant dose reduction was possible in all three without loss of asthma control, emphasising the importance of back-titration to minimise dose.	2
Long-term use of topical tacrolimus (FK506) in high-risk penetrating keratoplasty.	2
The drug combination resulted in persistently elevated urinary Histoplasma antigen levels and subtherapeutic plasma itraconazole concentrations.	2
On the third occasion the patient redeveloped severe hypotension and a generalised rash during general anaesthesia.	2
CONCLUSION: Since these drugs are used widely in the pediatric transplantation population, this report serves to heighten awareness of this debilitating phenomenon, and to stress the importance of exercising caution when sirolimus and tacrolimus are administered in combination to pediatric patients.	2
The prognosis of t-MDS is generally poor.	2
We report a patient diagnosed with B-CLL, previously treated with fludarabine, who developed TA-GVHD after being transfused during surgery for splenectomy.	2
Fatal hepatic failure caused by chemotherapy-induced reactivation of hepatitis B virus in a patient with hematologic malignancy.	2
Thrombolytic therapy in acute cerebral infarction complicating diagnostic cardiac catheterization.	2
The patient considered C&C caused him less discomfort and disruption.	2
Anxiety dreams and night terrors have been reported as complications of single-dose bedtime administration of both tricyclic antidepressants and neuroleptics.	2
The management of unresectable metastatic melanoma is a major clinical challenge because of the lack of reliably effective systemic therapies.	2
Microscopic examination of a skin scraping revealed a heavy infestation of cheyletiella yasguri, as identified by the presence of hoks of the palpi and the heart-shaped sensory organ on genu I.	2
Electrolytes must be monitored frequently during foscarnet therapy.	2
The patient died of heart failure complicated by pneumonia.	2
The use of felbamate in patients with periodic lateralized epileptiform discharges (PLEDs).	2
If this patient would have died suddenly without the laboratory investigations that lead to the diagnosis of myeloblastic leukemia, the cause would have been probably and wrongfully allotted to treatment with olanzapine.	2
Prick tests were negative in both the antineoplastic agents.	2
BACKGROUND: NVP is a non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor used in the treatment of Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) infection.	2
METHODS: Ten consecutive patients with culture proven MDR-TB were treated with the novel antibiotic drug linezolid in combination regimens for 6-40 (median 17) weeks and followed up 11-50 (median 24) months after end of treatment.	2
We describe the clinical course, renal function, and blood viral measurement in 6 renal transplant recipients with BKVN who were treated with low doses of cidofovir.	2
An abdominal radiograph revealed gross fecal loading.	2
John's wort, in addition to several prescription medications.	2
Other pharmacologic interventions, based on the physiology of erections, are presented.	2
These cases prompted an investigation of metamizole use in an urban pediatric clinic, which revealed that 35% of Spanish-speaking Latino families had used metamizole; 25% of these families had purchased the medication in the United States.	2
Early histopathologic changes in purple glove syndrome.	2
The abscess aspirate grew mixed organisms including Kluyvera cryocrescens.	2
Few of these historical therapies have been rigorously investigated.	2
This case suggests that acute pancreatitis was due to intolerance of high-concentration lipid emulsion.	2
Her course, history and outcome are presented and the pharmacokinetics, the mechanism of action, signs and symptoms and treatment of strychnine poisoning are reviewed.	2
Thyroid function remained normal when treatment was discontinued after five months although iodine excretion was still 50 times higher (2.5 mg/day) than in normal age matched children.	2
There have also been two cases of patients with hepatitis C associated with focal segmental glomerulosclerosis.	2
A follow-up cerebral angiogram demonstrated a small AVM arising off a branch of the pericallosal artery and a small arteriovenous fistula arising off the costal marginal branch.	2
A drug lymphocyte stimulation test was positive only for calcium stearate, an additive contained in the homochlorcyclizine hydrochloride tablet.	2
Aggressive suppletion with intravenous potassium and bicarbonate combined with potassium-sparing diuretics and ACE inhibitors resulted in complete restoration of the serum potassium and resolution of the neurological symptoms.	2
Etanercept and demyelinating disease in a patient with psoriasis.	2
Because of its favorable tolerability profile it appears to be a preferred alternative, especially in NSAID-sensitive patients.	2
We review the current English language literature on this entity and discuss its clinical features, histology, ultrastructure, etiology, and pathophysiology.	2
In contrast to the symptoms during monotherapy with IFN-alpha, during the time of both combination treatments, no psychiatric side effects occurred.	2
Generalized cryptococcosis with CNS involvement was diagnosed in a 3-year-old spayed German Shorthaired Pointer.	2
A report of two cases and review of the literature.	2
Upon admission, all drugs were continued except metoclopramide.	2
The risk of cardiomyopathy in the setting of methylphenidate treatment should prompt further study on the safety of this drug, and lead to ways of identifying those at risk of developing these complications.	2
Erythroid engraftment was successful with primary steroid treatment.	2
As a consequence, the use of a broader initial antibiotic coverage, including extended-spectrum cephalosporins and combinations, seems to be more common in North America than in Europe.	2
Nimesulide should be added to the list of agents associated with this serious adverse drug reaction.	2
Protein C, protein S, and antithrombin III were normal, and factor V Leiden and prothrombin gene mutations were absent.	2
CT scan of muscles showed similar cysticerci producing a 'honeycomb' appearance.	2
Therapeutic strategy of nephrotic syndrome in patients over eighty.	2
She refused surgery to remove the eye and orbital contents (exenteration), and was referred to palliative care.	2
Glutathione levels were low before treatment, and increased during treatment.	2
The patient's metastatic disease remained stable for the next 2 years.	2
Sixth day after TAC chemotherapy, she had abdominal pain and vomiting.	2
Until this time, she was without any antidepressive medication.	2
Cessation of topiramate caused return of episodes, and the response has persisted for 2 years.	2
Other toxicities were generally mild.	2
The bronchospasm was severe in all three and in one patient resulted in respiratory arrest.	2
A complication associated with central line removal in the pediatric population: retained fixed catheter fragments.	2
Peritonitis due to Aspergillus and zygomycetes in patients undergoing peritoneal dialysis: report of 2 cases and review of the literature.	2
Pertinent literature was reviewed to provide supporting evidence for the mechanism and clinical implications of the drug interaction.	2
This case demonstrates the maxim that the correct dose of hypertonic sodium bicarbonate is 'enough'.	2
Here we describe the case of a 69-year-old patient who achieved a second complete remission with this association without additional toxicity.	2
RESULTS: Histopathology revealed a subcorneal blister with prominent neutrophilic infiltration.	2
Many types of skin disorders concomitantly occur with hepatitis C virus infection.	2
We describe a child aged 11 years who ingested large amounts of plastic material used for knitting chairs and charpoys.	2
The literature on human aflatoxicosis shows that the presentation may be acute, subacute and chronic.	2
It has shown efficacy in patients with B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma and also in CD20-positive Hodgkin lymphoma.	2
Almost all of the suspected adverse drug reactions (ADR) from 1% lindane have involved substantial misuse.	2
Bronchoscopy with BAL can be successful in establishing the diagnosis of ELP by demonstration of a high lipid-laden macrophage index.	2
BACKGROUND: In the past 9 years, drugs for erectile dysfunction (ED) have been increasingly prescribed for men with erectile difficulty.	2
Neuroleptic malignant syndrome in a burn patient.	2
Despite drug withdrawal there was evidence of persistent airways obstruction and bronchial hyperreactivity.	2
The discordant time course behaviour of hematocrit and blood pressure points to the importance of residual renal tissue for blood pressure to develop during erythropoietin therapy in the renoprival status.	2
Our findings suggest that it may also be used as a prophylactic agent.	2
A more likely cause of the inspiratory obstruction appeared to be forward bending of the neck combined with mouth-clenching spasms.	2
Brompheniramine and dextromethorphan were 0.40 mg/L and 0.50 mg/L, respectively, in the blood sample and 0.16 mg/kg and 0.57 mg/kg in the liver sample.	2
The patient locked his catheter with 2.0 ml every evening for a period of 5 days.	2
Photodynamic therapy and intravitreal triamcinolone were used in an 84-year-old man with choroidal neovascularization in the left eye.	2
Conversely, bile reflux and nitrite and N-nitrous compounds caused by abnormal bacterial growth in the gastric stump may play a role in inducing mucosa-associated lymphoid tissue lymphoma.	2
A 35-year-old woman was treated with intraventricular methotrexate (MTX) with a total dose of 70 mg followed by cytosine arabinoside (Ara-C) with a total dose of 80 mg for meningeal metastasis of breast carcinoma.	2
To limit this problem, the clinician should decrease the amount of air injected in the epidural space or substitute nitrous oxide for air when injecting steroid agents epidurally.	2
Chronic hypotension, infrequent though possible in chronic renal failure patients on hemodialysis, has harmful consequences on their physical state and hence general well-being.	2
The serum immunoglobulin level returned to the normal range after the prednisolone was tapered off.	2
Until then, clinicians need to be aware of this possible complication associated with zonisamide.	2
The medical chart of the patient was reviewed.	2
He was admitted to the hospital for treatment after failing to improve on oral ciprofloxacin and inhaled tobramycin.	2
Aluminum intoxication from aluminum-containing phosphate binders in children with azotemia not undergoing dialysis.	2
More flexible diagnostic criteria than currently mandated by the the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fourth Revision, may be warranted.	2
Photosensitisation induced by clofazimine in a cat.	2
A case report.	2
Here, we report the successful treatment of a colonic ulcer that had penetrated the urinary bladder.	2
Naloxone, a pure opioid antagonist, has demonstrated reversal effects from clonidine intoxication.	2
The neuropathologic findings in these cases, although similar, varied in severity and distribution.	2
Herpetic tracheobronchitis may be a commoner clinical syndrome than generally assumed.	2
Clinical toxicity of reserpine in hospitalized patients: a report from the Boston Collaborative Drug Surveillance Program.	2
Diclofenac and increasing doses of opioids did not give adequate pain relief and led to opioid toxicity.	2
BACKGROUND: Bupropion, a novel antidepressant, has been reported to produce fewer adverse effects than the tricyclic antidepressants.	2
Whether these drugs adversely affect hepatobiliary scans is unknown.	2
Initially, National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale score was 21, and 24 hours later it improved to 9.	2
Comedication included N-acetylcysteine, atenolol, and isradipine.	2
Moreover, in the appropriate clinical setting, even in the absence of pulmonary signs or symptoms, diffuse pulmonary uptake of labeled leukocytes should alert the physician to the possibility of drug-induced pneumonitis.	2
Computed tomography revealed two lesions located in the occipital and left temporal area of the brain.	2
Effects of esomeprazole on the pharmacokinetics of atazanavir and fosamprenavir in a patient with human immunodeficiency virus infection.	2
Acute coronary vasospasm during thoracic spine surgery.	2
Pseudoporphyria induced by propionic acid derivatives.	2
In all three cases, an alleviation of headache intensity from severe to moderate was observed.	2
A week before the onset of hepatitis, the patient complained of upper gastrointestinal symptoms and was treated for gastritis.	2
A 37-year-old Japanese woman received an anticancer drug for 5 years following resection of mammary cancer and then developed widespread mollusca contagiosa, which we considered to be caused by immunosuppression induced by the chemotherapy.	2
In 1 case the drug appears to have exacerbated underlying myasthenic weakness, whereas in the other 3 cases, de novo antibody formation appears to be most likely.	2
The patient was urged to undergo tooth extractions because of alveolar pyorrhea, and a low-dosage intravenous immunoglobulin (IV-Ig) therapy (0.3 g of IgG/kg/day for 3 days) was chosen for him.	2
Both of the mothers were on methadone maintenance for narcotic dependency prior to the diagnosis of pregnancy.	2
Antibiotic lock technique.	2
Although the association between KS and renal transplant has been well documented, there are a few KS cases in the literature associated with membranoproliferative glomerulonephritis or other glomerular diseases.	2
New data on lithium and haloperidol incompatibility.	2
She had had her tongue painted with silver nitrate repeatedly 6 years ago for the treatment of oral ulcers.	2
Although it is related to numerous risk factors, its etiology remains unclear.	2
A reduction of up to 33 percent in pituitary tumor size has been reported in more than half of the 27 cases studied from four groups.	2
It is strongly recommended that heparin be substituted with another anticoagulant in such cases until the presence of HDAs can be definitively ruled out.	2
Two electrophysiological methods were performed for objective evaluation of retinal function, namely full-field electroretinography and multifocal electroretinography.	2
RESULTS: Careful blood cell monitoring showed a pronounced diurnal variation of WBC (2.9-4.2x10(9)/l in the morning and 3.6-7.1x10(9)/l in the afternoon) and granulocytes (0.8-1.4x10(9)/l and 2.9-5.5x10(9)/l, respectively).	2
A water deprivation test demonstrated a nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.	2
We describe a case of symptomatic hypophosphataemia following an intra-articular glucocorticoid injection.	2
We describe a case of endocarditis due to Lactococcus cremoris associated with cheese consumption, that caused multiple mycotic aneurysms.	2
Report of a case.	2
Treatment of acromegaly with octreotide, followed by successful selective pituitary adenomectomy, stabilized the number and the size of the liver tumors.	2
Clinicians should be aware of this potential severe adverse drug reaction and therefore frequent control of hepatic enzymes is mandatory during treatment with pegvisomant.	2
All three children are still disease-free, after a mean follow-up period of 42 months.	2
We report quadriparesis as a result of severe hypokalaemia and acidosis in a 50-year-old man who had undergone ureterosigmoidostomy for bladder extrophy 48 years earlier.	2
Severe complications following thrombolytic therapy of an acute thrombosis of a prosthetic mitral valve.	2
On the eleventh day after the surgery, she experienced dyspnea and chest pain during standing and walking exercise.	2
The cases reported in the literature are all secondary to dental or periodontal disease.	2
It was confirmed histologically.	2
Dexamethasone elevated markedly the levels of an immunoreactive mouse protein(s) which exhibited a Mr (53 kDa) and inducibility consistent with the major Cyp3a product.	2
CASE PRESENTATION: The patient is a 22-year-old male with the evaluation of osteosarcoma, T1Gr2NxM0.	2
Molluscum contagiosum lesions are presumably common in IRIS but underreported.	2
MAIN RESULTS: Followup echocardiogram on day 10 showed complete resolution of the thrombus.	2
Guanidine treatment had a beneficial effect, whereas administration of antitoxin in the late and benign form was not effective.	2
Malignant myelosclerosis (acute myelofibrosis): report of two cases following cytotoxic chemotherapy.	2
A careful monitoring of the white blood count is obviously recommended.	2
Spinal cord tolerance is currently accepted as about 50 Gy in 1.8-2 Gy fractions.	2
In case #3, the concentrations of quetiapine found in femoral blood was 5.90 mg/L (15 micromol/L).	2
Skin biopsy specimens of lesional areas showed a bullous eruption consistent with erythema multiforme.	2
CASE SUMMARY: A 72-year-old white man was admitted for worsening palpable purpura over a two-day period.	2
An anovulatory patient was treated with human menopausal gonadotropin and human chorionic gonadotropin.	2
The valid risk factor for developing retinopathy is hypertension.	2
This report describes the sudden appearance of mixed mania in three children with delusional depression soon after the commencement of tricyclic antidepressant therapy.	2
However, the complications both of the disease and its treatment, (e.g., acute oliguric renal failure, hip fracture) must be carefully monitored.	2
The case was a 17-year-old schoolboy presenting with vomiting, features of infection and gastrointestinal tract symptoms.	2
Other cases have been reported in the literature, in one of which assisted ventilation was required.	2
Their attenuation density values were appreciably less than that of calcium and they enhanced slightly with contrast.	2
We report a case of a 69-year-old male patient who came to our attention for macular edema in hemiretinal vein occlusion.	2
Thiazide-induced hyponatremia.	2
The anticonvulsant drug lacosamide selectively enhances slow inactivation of voltage-gated sodium channels and has been shown to be an effective add-on treatment for partial-onset seizures.	2
OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to introduce a useful diagnostic method to evaluate baclofen pump system-related complications without disturbing the continuous delivery of intrathecal baclofen.	2
All patients smoked herbal cannabis for therapeutic reasons (median duration of use six years, range two weeks to 37 years).	2
In addition to reporting this case, we review the literature regarding enteroviral infections after transplantation.	2
The remaining four neonates had clinical signs of gastric obstruction, but no radiologic or pathological examinations were performed.	2
Responsibility for the provision and use of these inhalers in young people is discussed and suggestions made towards their greater control.	2
The study was approved by the McGill University Health Centre Research Ethics Board.	2
In both, skin biopsy showed a cell-poor subepidermal vesicle with festooning of the dermal papillae.	2
Mesenteric desmoid tumors are a recognized sequela of colectomy for polyposis coli of Gardner's type.	2
The second case, a 16-year-old African-American male with an absolute CD4+ cell count of 895 cells/mm3, presented with rickets and hypophosphatemia while receiving TDF-based HAART.	2
Atropine 1 mg given intravenously resulted in shortening of all P-P intervals without changing the rhythm.	2
Gemcitabine was not resumed.	2
Families and physicians need to have an increased awareness of this possibility and of the appropriate management of myoglobinuria.	2
This was the patient's first experience with trimethoprim- sulfamethoxazole, and he was not taking any other medications during the treatment period.	2
The clinical aspect of porphyria has been investigated, and it is well known that porphyrinogens such as estrogens and alcohol or other inducers of P450 isoenzymes exacerbate the porphyric state.	2
Hepatic veno-occlusive disease (VOD) with complete occlusion of liver venules after tandem autologous stem cell transplantation-- successful treatment with high-dose methylprednisolone and defibrotide.	2
We describe a patient with respiratory failure due to Wegener's granulomatosis (WG) who obtained a dramatic and sustained response to pulse intravenous methylprednisolone and cyclophosphamide.	2
IMPLICATIONS FOR NURSING PRACTICE: Nurses must understand the pharmacology, mechanism of action, clinical presentation, potentially lethal risks, and traumatic psychosocial stresses experienced by DPD-deficient patients with cancer receiving 5-FU therapy in order to develop timely interventions and alternative plans of care.	2
We report a 34-year-old man with a history of nodular lymphocyte-predominant Hodgkin lymphoma (NLPHL), treated with different chemotherapy regimens, including anthracyclines and Rituximab.	2
This paper argues for an increased recognition of chronically recurrent and tardive OGC.	2
Procainamide had no effect upon the defibrillation threshold.	2
A conjunctival biopsy revealed invasive squamous cell carcinoma, with orbital invasion on computed tomography scan.	2
Autoimmune hepatitis associated with the use of black cohosh: a case study.	2
It also emphasizes how minor changes in electrocardiogram can be overlooked on standard electrocardiograms.	2
We report a case of hyponatremic seizures in a 7-year old boy with spina bifida following cystoscopy and suprapubic catheter placement.	2
The patients were genotyped for the UDP-glucuronosyltransferase (UGT) 1A9 gene (which encodes the main COMT inhibitor-metabolizing enzyme), and found to carry mutations leading to defective glucuronidation activity.	2
This case suggests that disopyramide should be used with caution in patients with bifascicular block patterns on ECG.	2
We present a patient who developed life-threatening Met-Hgb from the local anesthesia required during percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy tube placement.	2
His clinical course was uncomplicated until postoperative day 10, when he became hemodynamically compromised despite inotropic therapy (BP 88/53 mm Hg, mean HR 80 beats/min) secondary to stage IIIa rejection.	2
He was treated with phenytoin from the age of 2 years and 7 months.	2
Renal failure necessitated 5 hemodialysis sessions.	2
The thrombus occupied almost half the right atrial cavity and hit the tricuspid valve with each heartbeat without obstruction of tricuspid inflow.	2
The physiological complexities of deep-diving research are reviewed, as well as the neuropsychiatric symptoms of the high pressure nervous syndrome.	2
Commonly reported adverse effects of the drug include nausea and vomiting, constipation, headache, and fatigue, as well as myelosuppression, which may be dose limiting.	2
Maximum improvement may not be reached before 8 weeks.	2
Histopathology revealed classic nodular sclerosing Hodgkin's disease, without evidence of Epstein-Barr viral infection.	2
Autologous bone marrow transplantation in relapsed HIV-related non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.	2
HNCPs with malignant disease require judicious dental treatment planning prior to radiation therapy (RT) and/or chemotherapy.	2
All three showed improved motor performance in response to the introduction of corticosteroids.	2
There is almost always a hypopyon present, and the uveitis progresses aggressively.	2
Epsilon-aminocaproic acid (EACA) is a potent anti-fibrinolytic agent that is used in the treatment of excessive bleeding resulting from a systemic fibrinolytic state.	2
Neither patient has developed evidence of hepatotoxicity.	2
However, this report suggests that a further endoscopic intervention may be necessary in case the dissolved bezoars cause small-bowel obstruction during this form of therapy.	2
Taste and smell changes (TSCs) are known side effects of chemotherapy, but smell changes (SCs) in the absence of taste changes are understudied.	2
A 40-year-old man had undergone instrumented posterior lumbar interbody fusion at the L5/S1 level approximately 1 year previously.	2
A 10.5-year-old, castrated male shih tzu was presented for evaluation of weakness, pica, and pallor of the mucous membranes.	2
Apart from this, the patient also showed clinical signs of obstructive sleep apnea syndrome that was confirmed by polysomnographic study.	2
PURPOSE: To report a new adverse effect related to treatment with bimatoprost.	2
Acute Liver Failure Study Group.	2
Antiarrhythmic agents can cause pneumonitis.	2
Erections reported with other dopamine agonists and levodopa are probably mediated by the same mechanism.	2
Although they are rare, they may be life-threatening and should therefore be immediately recognized.	2
Myoglobinuria in boys with Duchenne muscular dystrophy on corticosteroid therapy.	2
Radiation myelopathy is a rare, devastating, late effect of radiotherapy to the spinal cord.	2
A case of sinus arrest caused by opening the mouth under general anesthesia.	2
Peritonitis remains a significant cause of morbidity in ESRD patients undergoing continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis (CAPD).	2
Concurrent use of warfarin and 5-fluorouracil has resulted in elevated international normalized ratios (INRs).	2
He had been found to have pathologic findings of usual interstitial pneumonia (UIP) on the resected lung cancer specimen prior to receiving erlotinib.	2
During the course of treatment, photosensitisation by clofazimine led to a dermatological disease resembling actinic dermatitis.	2
Pregancy complicated by acute myeloid leukaemia.	2
These cases and others quoted indicate that dependence on pressurized aerosol bronchodilators can and does occur in young people.	2
Three cases of severe psychotic pictures with only mild or completely missing vegetative symptoms after ingestion of angel's trumpet tea are reported.	2
CONCLUSIONS: The intravitreal ganciclovir implant provides safe and effective therapy against CMV retinitis, and should be considered in patients acquiring the infection after stem cell transplantation.	2
Unusual causes of peritonitis in patients undergoing continuous peritoneal dialysis with emphasis on Listeria monocytogenes.	2
The patient was found to have a sigmoidovesical fistula and underwent sigmoidectomy and partial resection of the ileum and urinary bladder.	2
Two patients have been successfully tapered off tacrolimus, and 2 patients are currently on once-daily dosing.	2
The patient had been receiving bisphosphonate therapy prior to admission and this may have contributed to the severity of the problem.	2
Close examination revealed a cauda equina tumor at the level of L2 and L3.	2
Discontinuation of co-trimoxazole normalized serum potassium level and symptoms.	2
A 65-year-old man with advanced prostate cancer was treated with a luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone (LH-RH) analogue.	2
Nine days later, severe abdominal pain developed.	2
Triglyceride levels decreased from 1450 to 337 mg/dl (76.8%) and from 1985 to 322 mg/dl (83.8%), respectively, after 10 months of therapy.	2
Embolism into the right leg made an embolectomy with a Fogarty catheter necessary.	2
L-asparaginase is a critical component in the treatment of acute lymphoblastic leukemia in children.	2
We describe a 35-year-old woman who developed severe thrombotic complications due to heparinization and unrecognized HDAs.	2
These data suggest that a primary immunoregulatory abnormality may be present in drug induced IgA deficiency.	2
METHODS: An 8-year-old boy with osteomyelitis was referred due to visual disturbance.	2
Zonisamide is a broad-spectrum antiepileptic drug used to treat various types of seizures.	2
OBJECTIVE: This case study provides general practitioners with a practical approach to seeing patients with chronic pain whom they suspect of opioid dependence and describes a framework for managing chronic pain and dependence within the general practice setting.	2
A positive reaction to sodium bisulfite in Tathion eye drops was confirmed.	2
However, the pathogenesis of this association is not fully understood.	2
Her platelet counts were never less than 75% of baseline and were consistently above 200 x 10(3)/mm(3).	2
Subsequently, the patient presented with a lower eyelid mass, which on excision was demonstrated to be a chalazion.	2
Six months after the procedure, the patient had an elective angiogram, where we discovered a new severe occlusion distally to the former stent; a second PES was implanted.	2
We report a case of an infected subgaleal hematoma caused by an unusual micro-organism in a previously healthy 11-month-old girl.	2
RESULTS: No per- or postoperative complications were noted.	2
Detailed postmortem examination of one patient revealed no anatomical abnormalities of the central nervous system.	2
Daptomycin is a new cyclic lipopeptide antibiotic, useful in gram-positive organisms resistant to standard treatment.	2
In the case of atypical neuroleptics such as olanzapine a low but still considerable D2 dopamine receptor occupancy may be compensated by the 5-HT2 antagonism.	2
We present the case of a 19-year-old male athlete with protein C deficiency who developed proximal deep venous thrombosis and pulmonary embolism while abusing anabolic-androgenic steroids.	2
Toxoplasmosis retinochoroiditis after photodynamic therapy and intravitreal triamcinolone for a supposed choroidal neovascularization: a case report.	2
The patient recovered well after surgical drainage and antimicrobial therapy.	2
Histopathological findings include focal vacuolar alteration of the basal layer with cytoid bodies, dermal and intraepidermal multinucleated giant cells and a mixed chronic inflammatory infiltrate with a lichenoid pattern consisting of lymphocytes, histiocytes, eosinophils and plasma cells.	2
Culture from the bone abscess gave growth of mycobacteria which could not be distinguished from BCG.	2
This report demonstrates that linear IgA bullous dermatosis can respond to gluten restriction if an underlying gluten-sensitive enteropathy is present.	2
The patient's overall course with thiamine replacement therapy led to a complete recovery within 5 days and no sequelae were noted after 12 months.	2
Hydroxyzine alone caused an insignificant delay.	2
Case report.	2
While not proving safety, these data add to previous smaller series with similar findings, thus lending tenuous support to the use of this agent.	2
In this report a renal transplant recipient is described, who developed disseminated Nocardia asteroides infection with lung, eye, and brain involvement, in addition to coinfection with Trichophyton rubrum.	2
About 7% of Caucasians are poor metabolizers (PM), and such patients might develop adverse drug reactions when treated with recommended doses of, for example, tricyclic antidepressants.	2
The pulmonary infiltration and clinical symptoms subsided after withdrawal of all drugs and initiation of glucocorticoid therapy.	2
Cluster-like headache after surgical crystalline removal and intraocular lens implant: a case report.	2
The authors report two cases of catechol-O-methyltransferase (COMT) inhibitor-induced asymptomatic hepatic dysfunction in women with Parkinson disease.	2
However, it is still produced and marketed in several countries in Central and South America as well as in Europe, Asia, and Africa.	2
Three patients (mean age, 68.6; range, 64-70 years) had mycotic thoracic aneurysms.	2
We have observed an increasing number of autopsies on patients with chemotherapy-related complications.	2
Reserpine was administered specifically for hypertension in 91.3 percent of patients; 35.5 per cent of patients received the drug by intramuscular (IM) injection.	2
He was treated as a case of sympathetically mediated chest pain, pain modulators, analgesics and Stellate ganglion block.	2
The patient revived 1 1/2 hours after treatment.	2
Acute graft-versus-host disease of the lung after liver transplantation.	2
It is comprised by pain, discoloration, and edema in the vicinity of intravenous infusion of phenytoin through dorsal veins of the hand.	2
A rating system to display the effect of clozapine on individual parameters as well as on the over-all state was devised for this study.	2
Further findings included bilateral four-finger hands with hypoplastic thumbs and absent radii.	2
A 78-year-old man with severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease presented to our pain medicine clinic for treatment of post herpetic neuralgia.	2
Dipyrone is commonly found in the homes of families who are originally from areas where it is still lawfully marketed.	2
There have been conflicting reports as to whether clozapine, an atypical antipsychotic, will suppress symptoms of tardive dyskinesia.	2
METHOD: The Hospital case note of a 27 year old widow with HIV infection and anaemia, who has been on HAART (Zidovudine, Lamivudine and Nevirapine) for one year, was reviewed.	2
Perforated appendicitis and ectopic pregnancy following in-vitro fertilization.	2
Positive inotropic support is routinely used for weaning from cardiopulmonary bypass circulation in patients with reduced left ventricular function.	2
The onset and duration of symptoms correlated directly to drug ingestion.	2
On indirect laryngoscopy, hyperadduction of the vocal folds was not the cause of the upper airway obstruction.	2
Platelet count was within normal limits on admission and the patient developed no serious consequences because of the purpura.	2
We describe a 65-year-old man with HIV who underwent a 12-hour intensive pharmacokinetic study while receiving esomeprazole with atazanavir-ritonavir and subsequently, an 8-hour study while receiving esomeprazole with fosamprenavir-ritonavir.	2
A 14-year-old girl presented with severe haemorrhagic diathesis.	2
Chemotherapy was held.	2
Osteonecrosis has been well-documented in the past.	2
Immunohistochemical analysis of tongue biopsies confirmed the suspicion of melanin deposits in these areas of hyperpigmentation.	2
Drug-induced immune hemolytic anemia (IHA) is rare but is being reported with increasing frequency.	2
Xanthomonas maltophilia endophthalmitis after cataract extraction.	2
The bupivacaine concentration was reduced in a stepwise fashion from 0.5% to 0.25% and was changed to levobupivacaine after 3 days.	2
Because of the specifics of the clinical history, we were unable to ascertain whether this complication was due to a single antibiotic or to the combination.	2
In-hospital management of adults who have community-acquired pneumonia.	2
Wilms' tumor with transient dermolysis of the newborn: recurrence of skin lesions during chemotherapy.	2
The blood specimens were initially subjected to a thorough qualitative analysis.	2
The hyperdense MCA lesion had resolved on the 24-hour follow-up scan.	2
We present the case of a 20-year-old patient with Hodgkin's disease developing BOOP after chemotherapy (COPP/ABVD) and irradiation.	2
Of these, 14 patients underwent castration (two patients) or received LH-RH analogue (12 patients) plus chlormadinone acetate for combined androgen blockade.	2
However, the patient continued to deteriorate and developed CMV pneumonitis.	2
Once her blood pressure stabilized, the patient improved clinically.	2
CLINICAL FEATURES: A 61 yr old man with severe mitral regurgitation and chronic obstructive lung disease underwent surgery for mitral valve repair.	2
We report a case of inoperable esophagogastric junction tumor with hiccupping after esophageal stent that could only be treated with baclofen.	2
The incidence, cause, and mechanism of such a side effect are unknown but should be considered in patients receiving high-dose carmustine infusions.	2
It is suggested that hasty correction of thyrotoxicosis should be avoided in susceptible patients, unless the thyrotoxic conditions are critical.	2
A hemogram indicated an inflammatory leukogram and a regenerative anemia with spherocytosis and thrombocytosis.	2
A novel side effect of antithyroid drugs.	2
Investigations confirmed a leucopenia and neutropenia.	2
Five days after beginning continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis (CAPD) he developed an eosinophilic peritonitis (EP).	2
The possible mechanisms for this severe elevation of the calcium level are discussed.	2
Both patients were treated with low-molecular-weight heparin in addition to pre-existing ACE inhibition.	2
CONCLUSION: Topical thiotepa appeared to be an effective treatment for recurrent corneal haze following myopic PRK.	2
Successful treatment of bronchiolitis obliterans organizing pneumonia with low-dose methotrexate in a patient with Hodgkin's disease.	2
To our knowledge, no cases of glaucoma have been reported so far.	2
Two cases of bipolar affective disorder with tardive dystonic symptoms seemed to improve only with mood elevation, whether the latter occurred spontaneously or was 'induced' pharmacologically.	2
Infection of total hip prosthesis by Mycobacterium tuberculosis and Mycobacterium chelonae in a patient with rheumatoid arthritis.	2
DISCUSSION: The clinical presentation of ELP is nonspecific and ranges from the totally asymptomatic patient with incidental radiologic finding, like our patient, to the patient with acute or chronic symptoms attributable to pneumonia, pulmonary fibrosis, or cor pulmonale.	2
CONCLUSION: If a parotid duct injury is diagnosed at the time of tumor extirpation, then surgical repair of the duct should be attempted, but if surgical repair is not possible or if an injury remains unrecognized until well after tumor extirpation, then surgery is not necessary.	2
The concentration of pseudoephedrine in blood and liver specimens was measured using gas chromatography-mass spectrometry and was determined to be 14.4 mg/L in the blood and 16 mg/kg in the liver.	2
The AKBR also reflects the efficacy of treatment for cyanide poisoning.	2
Among reported cases of CAPD-related peritonitis due to molds (22 Aspergillus spp. and seven zygomycetes), previous bacterial peritonitis was a common event, the related mortality associated with Aspergillus and zygomycetes was 27% and 57%, respectively, prompt removal of the Tenckoff catheter was critical for survival, and most patients were not able to resume CAPD.	2
The case histories and comments on the diagnosis and management of pulmonary nodules are reviewed.	2
MANAGEMENT: Potassium supplementation, sodium bicarbonate therapy, intravenous fluid therapy and dialysis.	2
Histology showed foci of dyskeratosis in the mucosal layer and a polymorphic perivascular inflammatory infiltrate of the papillary dermis, suggesting a drug-induced skin reaction.	2
With the recent Women's Health Initiative Study demonstrating increased risk of breast cancer and cardiovascular events associated with hormone therapy, many women may resort to herbal remedies for persistent menopause symptoms.	2
Macrophage activation syndrome in systemic juvenile rheumatoid arthritis successfully treated with cyclosporine.	2
The correlation between the haematologic and pneumologic toxicity is discussed.	2
BACKGROUND: Primary ovarian lymphoma is an extremely rare disease and limited count reports about it have been reported in the literature.	2
The dosage, side-effects and precautions are discussed.	2
Case studies of three patients with SCs and the 8% of survey participants with SCs only are in focus.	2
Successful treatment with tocainide of recessive generalized congenital myotonia.	2
The safety of and indications for combination therapy with methotrexate and etretinate are discussed, and the recent reports in the literature of experience with this combination regimen are considered.	2
However, nerve block by this procedure may in very rare instances give rise to serious complications.	2
However, the electroretinogram was abnormal on several occasions during therapy with rifabutin, but returned to normal 3 months after withdrawal of the medication.	2
The use of 5-fluorouracil given in the usual manner appears to have been a failure.	2
Topical and local anesthetics are employed during minor invasive procedures to increase patient tolerance and to reduce the need for intravenous sedation.	2
We remind clinicians that phenytoin toxicity can easily mimic a cerebellar lesion or alcohol intoxication, and suggest that in accordance with National Institute for Clinical Excellence (NICE) guidelines phenytoin should no longer be used as a first-line treatment for epilepsy.	2
We describe the development of an invasive pulmonary aspergillosis in a patient using illicitly obtained marijuana as an antiemetic during combination antitumor therapy for small cell lung cancer.	2
Circadian rhythm of white blood cells during clozapine treatment.	2
We underline the association between this pathogen and inguinal skin breaks, and discuss the potential diagnostic pitfalls in clinical and laboratory diagnosis.	2
A total of 64 patients from 10 series have received the drug from one to 25 months, usually in doses of 50-150 micrograms every eight hours by subcutaneous injection.	2
In addition, HD alone should be used to remove any excessive amounts of AZ from the blood.	2
However, she was unable to follow commands and she expressed rigidity of extremities, mild tachycardia, and stupor.	2
Linezolid is relatively well tolerated and is not believed to be nephrotoxic.	2
The relation of TNF-alpha antagonist therapy to demyelinating disease/multiple sclerosis is explored.	2
An unusual case of Candida tropicalis sepsis in a patient submitted to allogeneic bone marrow transplantation.	2
Radiation therapy decreased the size of the mass, but five months later partial small bowel obstruction occurred because of recurrent lymphomatous infiltration.	2
We present a case with important pharmacogenetic and pharmacokinetic aspects of antiretroviral therapy in a patient with high efavirenz concentrations, severe CNS side-effects and low lopinavir concentrations.	2
Data derives from a qualitative interview study and a cross-sectional survey of 518 patients, with all patients receiving out-patient cancer chemotherapy in Sweden.	2
The dog made a gradual recovery, with complete return of locomotor function and muscle mass within 2 months.	2
IVIg may reverse and stabilize the inflammatory process.	2
In earlier studies, it was used on a daily schedule with resulting severe gastrointestinal toxicity and myelosuppression.	2
Terbutaline for chronotropic support in heart transplantation.	2
One patient was a 21-day-old infant who received 2 days of induction chemotherapy for the treatment of congenital Stage IV-S neuroblastoma.	2
We report five paediatric cases of portal vein thrombosis (PVT) occurring during chemotherapy, observed in two institutions over an 8-year time period.	2
Every year they receive dilated fundoscopic eye examination.	2
The discolouration resolved when the creams were ceased.	2
This case illustrates that PCR is a rapid technique for the early diagnosis of TA-GVHD.	2
This therapeutical regimen was chosen--in accordance with cardiac surgeons, cardiologists, and interventional radiologists--due to the high risk of adverse event after repeated surgery in this particular patient.	2
Pharmacologic doses of vitamin D cannot be recommended for any form of osteoporosis.	2
BACKGROUND: Sympathomimetic-related intracerebral hemorrhage is well-documented.	2
The patient showed no initial evidence of being a latent HBV carrier.	2
We present a patient with chromoblastomycosis due to Fonsecaea pedrosoi, who was treated with 8 months of terbinafine 250 mg by mouth daily with histologic and mycologic cure.	2
When not to use what.	2
Rifampicin and ethambutol were stopped.	2
We report a case of a male infertility patient with asthenozoospermia during long-term treatment with anti-epileptic drugs.	2
After the initial resuscitation and the subsequent treatment of shock and vitamin K deficiency, acute peritoneal dialysis was instituted to correct the severe lactic acidosis.	2
Anabolic-androgenic steroids have been reported to have anticoagulatory and profibrinolytic effects in patients with protein C deficiency.	2
With these measures PaO2 could be maintained of safe levels but PEEP and high inspired oxygen concentrations were needed postoperatively until the trachea could be extubated on the third postoperative day.	2
The first was a 56-year-old male treated with multiple chemotherapeutics for multiple myeloma.	2
We report Kluyvera infections in 2 solid organ transplant recipients.	2
Whether the simultaneous administration of ciprofloxacin or tazobactam/piperacillin increases the risk of thrombocytosis is unknown.	2
Despite extensive surveillance, an infectious cause for the heart failure was not found while he was alive.	2
Diclofenac was immediately stopped, leading to a complete restoration of liver functions over the course of the next few months.	2
Although the cumulative probability of acute non-lymphocytic leukemia among surviving patients at five years using life-table statistics was 7.6%, the survival curve for the 553 patients with ovarian carcinoma was only slightly affected by death from leukemia.	2
The 2 cases direct our attention to at least 3 important points regarding safe administration of ECT shortly after the occurrence of PE, that is, careful evaluation of cardiac function and residual deep vein thrombosis before the start of an ECT course, adjustment of anticoagulants, and prevention of recurrent deep vein thrombosis and PE by methods in addition to anticoagulant therapy (fluid infusion, use of support hose, and timely ECT).	2
The carcinomas developed after a total UVA dose of 2,042 and 1,296 joules/sq cm, respectively.	2
Liver function tests showed alanine aminotransferase 3330 U/L, aspartate aminotransferase 3250 U/L, and bilirubin 21 mg/dL.	2
His electrocardiogram revealed minor abnormalities, including a prolonged QT interval.	2
On further examination, acute extensive hemorrhagic gastritis was also found by gastroscopy.	2
RESULTS: Glycopyrrolate successfully treated intraoperative penile erection.	2
Renal tubular acidosis was complicated by probable nephrogenic diabetes insipidus and acute renal failure.	2
This approach could be discussed in a multidisciplinary setting in similar cases, especially due to the described negligible recurrence rate after successful initial thrombosis after treating femoral pseudoaneurysms, pseudoaneurysms of the pancreatic artery, or even endoleaks after stenting of aneurysms of the aorta.	2
In this article, four patient reports of a specific interaction--the serotonin syndrome--are presented.	2
Complications occurred after transplantation and a rejection crisis worsened the clinical picture until the patient died about 4 months later.	2
Of note, the patient had been on carbamazepine therapy one year earlier and had experienced the same adverse event.	2
Twenty-one days after starting antiretroviral treatment, he became increasingly manic.	2
The glial abnormality, the most striking feature in the present case, strongly suggests toxic and metabolic disturbances.	2
Drugs are a major cause of this disease, and the list of culprits is continually expanding.	2
In this paper we present a patient with the diagnosis of nephrotic syndrome and a known history of hepatitis C who received IFNalpha therapy for newly diagnosed CML.	2
We present here the case histories of two patients who developed very severe cardiac failure at cumulative doses well below 500 mg/m2 but who survived their initial cardiac illness due to aggressive intervention.	2
Patients were followed with sequential ocular examinations for a maximum of 36 weeks.	2
Before onset of treatment, level of GABA in CSF was highly lowered (16 pmol/ml), pyridoxine level in serum was within normal range.	2
Thus, an increase in lactate concentration of the magnitude observed during alkali therapy need not indicate a worsening of the metabolic picture in lactic acidosis.	2
CONCLUSIONS: In any patient under clopidogrel (Plavix): Sanofi-Synthelabo, Bristol-Myers Squibb/Sanofi Pharmaceuticals) therapy and with a typical clinical presentation, SSEH should be suspected and quickly diagnosed, regardless of hemostatic status or the absence of other major risk factors.	2
We recommended debridement as treatment; however, he refused further surgical intervention by reason of symptomatic remission.	2
Treatment of tardive dyskinesia.	2
Previous successful treatment with one ACE inhibitor does not rule out the vasculitis caused by the drug from the same group.	2
DISCUSSION: Fifty percent of VPA is metabolized by glucuronidation, 40% undergoes mitochondrial beta-oxidation, and less than 10% is eliminated by the cytochrome P450 isoenzymes.	2
The final visual acuity was 1.0 in both eyes.	2
Necrotizing leukoencephalopathy and treated multiple myeloma.	2
He wore a retainer lens, rigid gas permeable lens, overnight for 2 months before the corneal ulcer occurred.	2
It has many known toxicities and has been reported to cause anaphylaxis.	2
John's Wort by adolescents with a psychiatric disorder.	2
In the previous four patients treated with cidofovir the outcome was discouraging, as was the case in this patient.	2
Chemoradiation therapy used on pediatric oncology patients often causes dental developmental anomalies that affect future dental care.	2
Neither infant developed hemorrhage of prematurity as confirmed on cranial ultrasonography.	2
Since propylthiouracil is an equally effective antithyroid agent and has not been associated with ACC, it is the preferred thioamide for hyperthyroidism during pregnancy.	2
A complete clinical and laboratory recovery took place following withdrawal of drugs.	2
Alzheimer type II glias and abnormal glias closely resembling Alzheimer type I glia were numerous in the affected white matter.	2
The diagnosis was confirmed following a single-blind, placebo-controlled provocation test with phenylbutazone and a biopsy of the affected skin.	2
Foreign bodies and bezoars are commonly encountered in children.	2
The patient was left untreated and died 5 months after this diagnosis was made, of a second malignancy.	2
Both patients developed massive subchorionic hematomas, which persisted in 1 patient who underwent cesarean delivery at 34 weeks of gestation for cardiac indications (Apgar scores 9 and 10 at 1 minute and 5 minutes, respectively).	2
The case of a 67-year-old man with acute myocardial infarction with ST-segment elevation after a wasp sting treated with fibrinolysis and without significant coronary atherosclerosis is reported.	2
Intravenous warfarin as an alternative for anticoagulation.	2
Pemphigus vulgaris (PV) is a rare but potentially fatal autoimmune bullous disorder which frequently affects the oral mucosa.	2
He was then scheduled to receive adjuvant chemotherapy with high-dose MTX, 12 g/m2 body surface area, followed by leucovorin rescue and ifosfamide.	2
The presumed third case of CAPD-associated peritonitis caused by Listeria monocytogenes is also described.	2
An alternative preparation, methylprednisolone, was used to successfully treat her underlying condition.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Interventions aimed at reducing pain associated with CIPS may include the initiation of calcium-channel blocker therapy and conversion to an alternative calcineurin inhibitor.	2
By continuous irrigation it is frequently used to treat suppurative mediastinitis after median sternotomy.	2
Antibiotic treatment combined with surgical and radiological interventions resulted in full recovery.	2
The temporal course of CNV, the presence of a chorio-retinal shunt, and the autofluorescence pattern in the fellow eye let us to speculate that the CNV was related to the vascular occlusive process.	2
Our case reminds the clinicians that the adverse and proarrhythmic effects of dofetilide can occur due to changes in the arrhythmic substrate during acute severe ischemia.	2
These results provided consistent evidence that the selective absence of VWFMs with large to medium molecular masses in this patient is caused by the heightened clearance of a complex of IgG inhibitor and VWFMs from the circulation, presumably through IgG binding to the Fc receptor of macrophages.	2
Clinical neurophysiological and neuroradiological findings and finally neuropathological studies in 2 patients resembled those found in vitamin-B12-deficiency-syndrome with a predominant affection of the spinal posterior column and the corticospinal tracts.	2
This report describes a forty-seven-year-old female patient with a complex medical history.	2
Both syndromes are mostly related with drugs.	2
The immunosuppressive regimen consisted of tacrolimus, mycophenolate mofetil, and prednisone.	2
Several also reported improved sleep at night.	2
Ventricular tachycardia after ingestion of ayurveda herbal antidiarrheal medication containing aconitum.	2
Rhomboidal, dark violet Kayexalate crystals were observed on microscope examination in the submucosa in both the first and second colonic biopsy specimens.	2
Its treatment consists of corticosteroids and/or other immunosuppressive drug such as azathioprine, vincristine, cyclosporine, and mycophenolate mofetil.	2
The failed graft obtained during the additional PKP was subjected to PCR analysis and histopathological examination.	2
Epstein-Barr virus-associated lymphoma in a child undergoing an autologous stem cell rescue.	2
Sudden cardiac arrest associated with major spasm of three coronary arteries was observed about 10 hours after Taxus stent insertion in a three vessel lesion and was successfully treated by intracoronary glyceryl trinitrate infusion.	2
This therapy was curtailed after three cycles because of nausea, asthenia, and neuropsychological deterioration.	2
METHODS: A 54-year-old healthy male underwent uneventful bilateral LASIK for the correction of myopia and astigmatism (-5.75 -3.00 x 20 degrees right eye, -5.50 -3.00 x 170 degrees left eye).	2
Eight patients reported a 'high'; six denied a 'high'.	2
Quetiapine was assayed in biological specimens by basic extraction with n-butyl chloride and derivatized with 50 microL of MTBSTFA and separation by GC-NPD.	2
However, to our knowledge, there are no accurate estimates of the incidence of CNV in other retinal vascular diseases, such as diabetic retinopathy.	2
We describe the case of a 17-year-old boy with a right apical paraspinal Ewing's tumour in the neck treated with induction chemotherapy, high-dose chemotherapy (busulfan and melphalan) with peripheral stem-cell rescue and, 4 months later, radiotherapy to the primary tumour site (cervical cord received 50 Gy in 30 fractions).	2
We describe a 49-year-old woman who presented in 2002 with pure red cell aplasia (PRCA), systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE), and idiopathic portal hypertension (IPH) that developed following a thymectomy.	2
Despite subsequent investigations, including analysis of urinary metabolites of organic and amino acids, measurement of serum carnitine and a muscle biopsy, we could not clarify the primary metabolic abnormalities in this girl.	2
The aim of this study was to determine the usefulness of skin tests in ruling out cross-reaction to cisplatin to continue platinum-based chemotherapy in patients who are responsive to these agents.	2
Blood cultures were negative.	2
Heparin cessation is a vital first step in treatment; however, alternative anticoagulant therapy is essential.	2
The cumulative dose of prostaglandin E1 was higher in the neonates with antral hyperplasia (2982 +/- 1392 micrograms per kilogram of body weight) than in the normal neonates (279 +/- 270 micrograms per kilogram, P less than 0.001) or the neonates with signs of gastric obstruction (528 +/- 306 micrograms per kilogram, P less than 0.01).	2
The treatment improved the childrens' clinical condition prior to surgery and facilitated tumor removal, resulting in partial regression of the tumor.	2
Acquired methemoglobinemia: a rare but serious complication.	2
During prolonged treatment with zanamivir, a mutant virus was isolated from an immunocompromised child infected with influenza B virus.	2
CONCLUSIONS: To avoid and protect themselves against potential abandonment allegations when termination of the physician-patient relationship is warranted, physicians are advised to consider following the outlined procedures.	2
Occlusion of the right brachial and right femoral artery was ascertained by Doppler ultrasound.	2
None of the patients has clinical or radiologic findings suggestive of central pontine myelinolysis or akinetic mutism.	2
Opioid drugs cause biliary sphincter spasm.	2
Moreover, because the patterns of response to ipilimumab differ from chemotherapy, we need to understand how and when patients may respond to treatment so that appropriate clinical decisions can be made.	2
Computed tomography of the head performed immediately after recognition of the symptoms showed a hyperdense middle cerebral artery (MCA) sign.	2
Case history of an African woman presenting with advanced HIV and a painful conjunctival lesion is presented.	2
Review of antithyroid drug use during pregnancy and report of a case of aplasia cutis.	2
The pharmacist conducted a thorough medication review, which revealed the use of several herbal products, including St.	2
Orthostatic hypotension and vertigo are not consistent with the patients' histories.	2
This case highlights the potential danger of high dose vitamin supplements in children, and the salutary effects of treatment with bisphosphonate.	2
Thus, troglitazone should be prescribed with caution and should not be used as a first-line agent in the treatment of type II DM when potentially less toxic alternatives are available.	2
A complete clinical remission of the lymphadenopathy was obtained after infusions of rituximab (an anti-CD20 monoclonal antibody), acyclovir, and high-titer anticytomegalovirus immunoglobulin.	2
We have reviewed the literature on drug-induced ocular pemphigoid and have added our experience with five patients with glaucoma who developed ocular cicatricial (benign mucosal) pemphigoid after treatment with various topical glaucoma medications.	2
SETTING: A six-bed pediatric intensive care unit (ICU) at a university hospital.	2
Changes in the parameters of oxygen metabolism in a clinical course recovering from potassium cyanide.	2
On admission the patient showed signs of incipient cardiogenic shock.	2
Successful rescue of severe recurrent hepatitis C with interferon and ribavirin in a liver transplant patient.	2
Based on the findings, a high-grade endometrial stromal sarcoma was diagnosed.	2
In each patient, a different method successfully removed the touch of the anterior vitreous face to the corneal endothelium with subsequent prompt clearing of the corneal edema.	2
Furthermore in our patient we could show a strong lesional expression of MxA, a protein specifically induced by type I interferon.	2
Five hours later he developed a dramatic hypersensitivity reaction including high fever, pulmonary edema, cyanosis, and convulsions.	2
After discontinuation of the 5-fluorocytosine and amphotericin B and treatment with cephradine and ketoconazole, the toxic epidermal necrolysis resolved.	2
Clear guidelines and access to support are often lacking.	2
Three of the six had the OGC develop as a tardive side-effect, and in one patient the episodes persisted for some months after the cessation of the offending neuroleptic drug.	2
This is the first report to describe this extremely rare occurrence.	2
Neuroleptic malignant syndrome and lithium carbonate.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Terbutaline therapy did not appear to be associated with any significant adverse effects and warrants further application and study in this setting.	2
The diagnosis of disseminated Zygomycosis was made four days after onset of clinical symptoms.	2
Although Helicobacter pylori is thought to be a predisposing factor, we found no histological evidence of this infection in our patient.	2
Primary Hodgkin's disease limited to the CNS is exceedingly rare.	2
The patient was admitted to the emergency department of a local hospital within two days due to ongoing headache, elevated temperature, and nuchal rigidity, symptoms suggestive of meningitis.	2
The risks of sumatriptan administration in patients with unrecognized subarachnoid haemorrhage (SAH).	2
The authors found that the course and treatment of narcotic withdrawal in two neonates was complicated by prenatal exposure to high doses of diazepam, or Valium (Roche Laboratories, Nutley, NJ).	2
These events resulted from transitioning headache patients from an older antidepressant (phenelzine) to a newer antidepressant (venlafaxine).	2
Chlorambucil (CHL) was used in combination with prednisolone in the treatment of nine children with frequently relapsing nephrotic syndrome.	2
METHODS: We present a case report on the use of an indium (111) diethylenetriaminepentaacetic acid (DTPA) flow study in the evaluation of a lumbar swelling in a 16-year-old girl with spastic cerebral palsy, treated with continuous intrathecal baclofen (CITB).	2
Neuroleptic malignant syndrome is easily confused with other health problems; distinctions between it and malignant hyperthermia, heatstroke, and lethal catatonia are made.	2
Measured 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25-OH D) levels were elevated in three patients; levels were not determined in a fourth patient who became normocalcemic when vitamin D therapy was discontinued.	2
BACKGROUND: Chronic pain is one of the most common reasons for therapeutic cannabis use.	2
Bone marrow biopsy revealed no evidence of neoplasia.	2
The immunosuppressive effect of intensive polychemotherapy may play a significant role in accelerating the malignant transformation.	2
Although uncommon, an intact anterior vetreous face against the corneal endothelium is possible when a wide opening has been made in the posterior capsule and the underlying vitreous face remains intact.	2
We describe various measures to reduce severe anxiety that interfered with much-needed maintenance electroconvulsive therapy in a 32-year-old man.	2
To the best of our knowledge, this has not been reported previously in the emergency medicine literature.	2
A possible mechanism for this alarming outcome is discussed, and it is suggested that resuscitation facilities should be quickly available during such trials.	2
In four of the five patients, right-sided focal seizures were subsequently noted.	2
Heart rate, blood pressure, nausea ratings, and the occurrence of emesis were recorded during 18 chemotherapy treatments over a 9 month period.	2
In the present paper, we report four very elderly patients (80 years of age or older) with primary nephrotic syndrome.	2
Thymic hyperplasia following successful chemotherapy.	2
Patch testing for ethylenediamine was positive.	2
One woman received ifosfamide 1000 mg/m2 (1 h infusion on days 1-5); confusion, lethargy, and speech deterioration developed on day 3.	2
CONCLUSION: This side effect, apparently unique to bupropion among antidepressants, may be mediated through dopaminergic effects in the basal ganglia.	2
It is important to consider possible cross-sensitivity of chemically related compounds even when they are administered by different routes.	2
Pediatric clonidine intoxications.	2
There is not enough evidence to prove the involvement of either olanzapine or hydrochlorothiazide or the interaction between them in this patient's myelodysplasia.	2
Praziquantel was ineffective and hazardous, causing some known and some previously unreported responses and reactions.	2
Methylene blue (MB) may be used in the treatment of this encephalopathy.	2
Poison oak and related hypersensitivity dermatitides are age-old problems that have historically been treated with herbal medicines before the availability of corticosteroids.	2
When tested in ferrets, the mutant virus had less virulence than the parent; however, it had a growth preference over the parent in zanamivir-treated animals.	2
Safety of electroconvulsive therapy in psychiatric patients shortly after the occurrence of pulmonary embolism.	2
CONCLUSION: Linezolid seems highly active in combination treatment of MDR-TB.	2
Complete physical recovery occurred after several days of supportive treatment.	2
Uniquely, however, relief of peptic symptoms induced by hypergastrinemia is now available from acid-suppressive drugs such as proton-pump inhibitors (PPIs).	2
The possible underlying pharmacological mechanisms of this clinical reaction lend support to the cholinergic-adrenergic balance hypothesis of affective disorders.	2
This report is intended to alert others to the possible development of this serious complication following short-term Decadron therapy.	2
Three such patients are described whose main features were uncontrolled seizures, progressive dementia, behaviour disorder, muscular pseudohypertrophy, and a relative paucity of localizing neurological signs or signs of raised intracranial pressure.	2
This is the first report to illustrate the implementation of an lndium (111) DTPA flow study without interrupting the infusion of CITB.	2
The authors have encountered this entity in two patients who were deemed disease-free following combination chemotherapy for malignant disease.	2
Adding low-dose antidepressants to interferon alpha treatment for chronic hepatitis C improved psychiatric tolerability in a patient with schizoaffective psychosis.	2
This is the first CT demonstration of widely disseminated living cysticerci in brain and muscles.	2
BACKGROUND: Pemphigus is an autoimmune blistering disease of the skin and mucous membranes.	2
Antimicrobial susceptibility results determined by a modified proportion method using a 3-day incubation were the same as those determined by the standard 3-week assay.	2
This is a transient febrile illness that can occur in patients after the first adequate dose of an anti-microbial drug to treat infectious diseases such as syphilis, Lyme disease and relapsing fever.	2
RESULTS: A total of 97% were removed after completion of chemotherapy, and 3% because of sepsis or malfunction.	2
We report a case of demyelinating disease occurring in a patient treated for psoriasis.	2
Elevation of serum creatine kinase during treatment with antithyroid drugs in patients with hyperthyroidism due to Graves disease.	2
Our protocol might not be as efficacious in patients who are more profoundly immunocompromised, eg, bone marrow allograft recipients.	2
Oral vancomycin is often considered the drug of choice for severe Clostridium difficile-associated disease due to both its efficacy and pharmacokinetics.	2
We present a case of successful stenting of the left main coronary artery (LMCA) in a patient with ACAD.	2
This patient, who also had an abdominal aortic aneurysm, survived, on discontinuation of her anticoagulant therapy.	2
Diphenhydramine, a common ingredient in over-the-counter medications, is often taken in overdose.	2
They presented with parkinsonism, pyramidal signs, mild cognitive decline, and unresponsiveness to levodopa.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Most cases of pseudoporphyria are drug-induced.	2
However, one patient exhibited no effect of PSL and died from acute oliguric renal failure in spite of aggressive measures including hemodialysis.	2
Antiepileptic drug hypersensitivity syndrome consists of fever, rash, and internal organ involvement and usually occurs within the first 2 months of initiation of therapy.	2
However, physicians must keep in mind the significant risks of using this medication.	2
The patients, a 4-year-old with microcephaly and severe retardation, a 1-year-old with cerebral dysgenesis, and a 5-year-old with spastic quadriplegia and mild retardation, all had seizures unresponsive to multiple anticonvulsant combinations.	2
When pulmonary thromboembolism occurs, early diagnosis by pulmonary blood flow scintigram and early thrombolytic and anticoagulative therapies are necessary.	2
The patient developed severe ovarian hyperstimulation and became pregnant with an ectopic gestation after ovulation induction.	2
Increased awareness of this rapidly progressive and potentially fatal disease leads to accurate diagnosis and the prompt treatment that can decrease morbidity and mortality.	2
All nine eyes had recurrence of the membranes after treatment terminated and required a maintenance regimen of corticosteroid eyedrops.	2
Two-thirds of the chronic cases improved markedly.	2
Routine microbiological tests were negative.	2
METHODS: We present a case of intraoperative erection after the initiation of continuous spinal anesthesia that was treated with intravenous glycopyrrolate.	2
Angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor fetopathy.	2
The history is strongly suggestive of concurrent NMS.	2
There was no evidence of residual basal cell carcinoma.	2
The patient was advised to stop administration of the mineral oil and was treated empirically with antibiotics during a 3-month period.	2
The rash was treated with moisturizing cream along with intravenous and topical corticosteroids and antibiotics.	2
The literature, except for anecdotal reports, does not support a significant increase of ulcers in asthmatic patients on either theophylline or steroids.	2
The syndrome of inappropriate secretion of antidiuretic hormone (SIADH) is a disorder in which a sustained release of antidiuretic hormone occurs because of certain diseases, pharmacological agents, or trauma.	2
Before retreatment, the best corrected visual acuity (BCVA) ranged from 20/40 to 20/200.	2
Continuous high-dose intracoronary nitroglycerin infusion in refractory coronary vasospasm.	2
Management of iatrogenic intravitreal triamcinolone acetonide.	2
Hematochezia subsided with conservative treatment after a discontinuance of Kalimate administration.	2
All three had been diagnosed earlier with epilepsy, and their electroencephalogram (EEG) findings were abnormal.	2
The patient had been treated with four kinds of antihistamines and antiallergenic drugs.	2
The response of the occlusion of nearly all liver venules underlines the value of anti-inflammatory treatment combined with new thrombolytic medication such as defibrotide for the treatment of severe VOD.	2
Hypercoagulability studies were negative.	2
Both patients experienced the onset of psychiatric symptoms as young adults, showed a prompt response to antipsychotic drug therapy, and were subsequently left on maintenance treatment for indefinite periods.	2
Thrombotic microangiopathy in association with cytomegalovirus infection in a renal transplant patient: a new treatment strategy.	2
Herbal medicine induced Stevens-Johnson syndrome: a case report.	2
Treatment with tacrine reversed the delirium, and a history of repeated benztropine use was obtained.	2
Their use in women who are pregnant is not without risk to the fetus.	2
This article describes the conservative follow-up of a patient with epidural abscess and diskitis following instrumented posterior lumbar interbody fusion using a metal cage without surgical intervention.	2
We describe an infant with minimal exposure to oxygen who developed AP-ROP that led to bilateral retinal detachments and a poor visual outcome, despite following current recommended screening guidelines.	2
The patient had been treated successfully in the hospital with intravenous methylprednisolone.	2
Our report suggests the efficacy of PES as ACAD treatment of the unprotected LMCA.	2
This case emphasizes the importance of renal prostagandins in the control of vascular tone and sodium homeostasis.	2
METHODS: In nine eyes (eight patients) with visually significant pigmented cellular membranes on their Allergan Medical Optics (Irvine, California) silicone intraocular lenses (model SI18NGB or SI26NB), eight underwent combined phacoemulsification, intraocular lens implantation, and trabeculectomy; one underwent phacoemulsification and lens implantation only.	2
An antinociceptive effect of sumatriptan can be observed in SAH patients in good clinical condition, which suggests a specific craniovascular antinociceptive action.	2
One patient died of cardiac arrest at 25 months; there were no perioperative deaths (< or = 30 days).	2
Spontaneous pneumothorax following chemotherapy for metastatic germ cell tumor: a case report.	2
Pharmacists need to be vigilant in establishing a dialogue with their patients about the pros and cons of herbal product use, particularly with prescription medications.	2
Lithium and maintenance ECT.	2
There were no complications as a result of naloxone therapy.	2
Multiple superficial basal cell carcinomata--topical imiquimod versus curette and cryotherapy.	2
While in remission the patient developed acute leukemia.	2
Four of the patients reported erectile dysfunction before beginning apomorphine and two of these report a significant improvement in their sexual function resulting from apomorphine use.	2
The direct antiglobulin test (DAT) was negative at diagnosis but was found to be positive with anti-IgG after the first fludarabine treatment.	2
Serum electrolyte and creatinine levels remained within normal limits.	2
Linear IgA bullous dermatosis has a much lower prevalence of histological small bowel abnormalities, and lesions are not known to respond to gluten restriction.	2
High-dose corticosteroids were given with a return to baseline pulmonary function.	2
Strategies to prevent hyponatremia in children during urological procedures, with emphasis on the importance of reserving free water as the irrigation fluid are discussed.	2
To our knowledge this is the third article presented in the literature so far.	2
The safety of concurrent use has also to be balanced when lithium treatment is started within an ECT course.	2
The probable additive toxicity of both agents on the pulmonary tissue is discussed.	2
The desaturation of mixed venous blood amplified the effect of these shunts in decreasing arterial oxygen saturation.	2
The great majority of patients have no problems with their prescribed hypoglycaemic medication.	2
These cases, combined with other reports in the literature, suggest strongly that these drugs are fetotoxic.	2
Treatment of BK virus-associated nephropathy with Cidofovir in renal transplantation.	2
This association should be considered in the period after vasopressin-treated gastrointestinal hemorrhage.	2
In the cornea, it has been shown in animal and in vitro studies to inhibit epithelium mitosis, fibroblast mitosis and migration, as well as to reduce collagen deposition.	2
He presented with confusion and focal seizures with a rapid progression to coma and decerebrate posturing.	2
CASE: We herein report the case of a 67-year-old woman with a history of breast cancer, taking tamoxifen citrate 20 mg/day for 4 years, who underwent an operation for left ovarian tumor.	2
Disseminated Nocardia asteroides and coinfection with Trichophyton rubrum in a renal transplant recipient.	2
Discontinuation of chemotherapy, desensitization protocols and steroid premedication can be avoided.	2
Ethambutol is commonly used for the treatment of tuberculous and atypical mycobacterial infection.	2
In particular, combined oral contraceptives (COCs) are known to enhance the risk for VTE and are therefore contraindicated.	2
Treatment strategies involved use of antimicrobials and supporting the damaged multi-organs.	2
Peripheral neuropathy was not fully reversed in all patients.	2
The patient had tolerated both general and local anaesthesia on several previous occasions.	2
The mite infestation was not noticed at the time of hospitalization.	2
Pulmonary impairment in the HUS is rarely reported in the literature, and no reports of pulmonary hemorrhage, as a clinical feature of the HUS, have been documented.	2
This is known as a PSA "bounce" or "bump." Some patients experience a second transient rise in PSA levels after irradiation.	2
To the authors' knowledge, this is the first report in the English-language literature of spontaneous neonatal intracerebral hemorrhage, due to thrombosis of the superior or inferior vena cava.	2
This brief period of patient education is time well spent--it will help maintain proper compliance and allay the upset that many of your patients may have if they encounter negative opinions about lindane in the lay and medical press or from other health professionals.	2
His recovery was uneventful.	2
Patients at increased risk could be identified.	2
On postoperative day 17, she demonstrated hyperkalaemia and metabolic acidosis; she was diagnosed to have hyperkalaemic distal RTA with aldosterone deficiency (type IV).	2
BACKGROUND: Second-line treatment options are limited in controlling advanced thoracic cancer in patients who have progressed following first-line chemotherapy.	2
Chronic paroxysmal hemicrania (CPH) is a rare primary headache syndrome, which is classified along with cluster headache and short-lasting unilateral neuralgiform headache attacks with conjunctival injection and tearing (SUNCT) as a trigeminal autonomic cephalalgia.	2
Squamous cell carcinoma.	2
One half hour following the ingestion of a possibly tainted antibiotic capsule, a 14 year-old female experienced acute onset of stiffness and weakness in her lower extremities.	2
With the progression of immunoreconstitution, the lesions healed spontaneously.	2
We describe the clinical, radiological and pathologic findings of a case of epithelioid angiosarcoma of the lung presenting with persistent haemoptysis who had undergone remote lung collapse therapy with Lucite plombage.	2
The observation is consistent with reports linking psychomotor abnormalities and psychosis in severely depressed juveniles to an increased propensity for manic switching, as well as adult studies that report a greater risk of antidepressant-induced cycling in bipolar compared with unipolar affective illness.	2
A 62-year-old man had received perhexiline maleate for 18 months before death.	2
Clinicians should consider placing a periosteal catheter when pain associated with sternal fracture cannot be adequately controlled with conventional methods.	2
For example, the potent CYP2D6 inhibitor fluoxetine increases the plasma concentrations of tricyclic antidepressants.	2
CONCLUSION: An antidepressant which has been effective for as long as 7 years may still carry risk of inducing agitated dysphoria, even in apparently unipolar depression.	2
Toxoplasma polymyositis was diagnosed in a dog given repeated injections of glucocorticoids for a skin condition.	2
Initial presentation was adnexial mass and chronic pelvic pain.	2
Administration of intravenous gammaglobulin (25 g monthly) allowed discontinuation of steroids without further ophthalmic or neurologic disease.	2
Although a rechallenge was not tried, this case appears to demonstrate a temporal relationship between the initiation and discontinuation of metoclopramide and the onset and resolution of symptoms.	2
A right hemicolectomy was performed with relief of symptoms.	2
A spectrum of diseases.	2
Two brief periods of analgesia were achieved with deep subcutaneous infiltration of bupivacaine.	2
It is suggested that an allergic background may play an important role in the development of EP in patients on CAPD.	2
Serial electroencephalograms were obtained to evaluate CHL central nervous toxicity, before, during and after treatment with this agent.	2
Total parenteral nutrition was continued without the fat emulsion and symptoms and signs disappeared.	2
We report a case consequent to a surgical operation for cataract.	2
CASE HISTORY: A 6-year-old white boy with a history of developmental delay was found to have an infiltrate in his right upper lobe on a chest radiograph obtained during evaluation for thoracic scoliosis.	2
This effect was noted to persist throughout the 15-month observation period with no breakthrough dyskinesia.	2
Treatment was given as direct observed therapy (DOT) and sputum cultures, blood chemistry and neurologic examination were undertaken on a regular basis.	2
She had been receiving oral colchicine therapy for mixed connective tissue disease.	2
We report a patient with linear IgA bullous dermatosis and gluten-sensitive enteropathy.	2
Cluster headache (CH) is a well characterized primary headache disorder.	2
Motor milestones are slightly retarded--neurodevelopment is otherwise normal.	2
Nine patients were granulocytopenic; the three additional patients with normal granulocyte counts were immunosuppressed.	2
The patient responded to gluten restriction, as shown by resolution of jejunal abnormalities and skin lesions and subsequently by recurrence of jejunal abnormalities and skin lesions with reinstitution of a gluten-containing diet.	2
Intravitreal sustained-release ganciclovir implants for severe bilateral cytomegalovirus retinitis after stem cell transplantation.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Herpes zoster reactivation may occur following LASIK.	2
Detection of cytomegalovirus DNA from cytomegalovirus corneal endotheliitis after penetrating keratoplasty.	2
Lansoprazole was discontinued, and the platelet count returned to normal.	2
Pentavalent antimony is still the drug of choice in the treatment of visceral leishmaniasis.	2
Close follow-up during the first month of life is warranted for infants exposed to diazepam prenatally.	2
Magnetic resonance imaging and angiography showed right internal carotid artery stenosis with ulceration.	2
Treatment was initiated with intravenous tobramycin 560 mg daily and piperacillin/tazobactam 4.5 g infused every 6 hours.	2
Fluorescent in situ hybridization confirmed donor cells at sites of peribronchiolar inflammation.	2
Its use is however not without adverse effect particularly bone marrow aplasia leading to varying degrees of cytopenias predominantly anaemia.	2
Use of portable blood analyser in prehospital care should be considered in case of suspected massive poisoning by ethylene glycol.	2
Early blindness and coma during intrathecal chemotherapy for meningeal carcinomatosis.	2
Both patients failed to improve after discontinuation of the offending agent, and they responded poorly to corticosteroids.	2
We describe two patients who developed malignant myelosclerosis after receiving cytotoxic chemotherapy, one for Hodgkin's disease, and the other for membranous nephritis.	2
A wide variety of clinical outcomes have been described after acute valproate ingestion.	2
A 72-year-old woman was treated daily with two solutions including Tathion eye drops for senile cataract for two years and three months.	2
Sympathetically mediated chest pain is a rare presentation, as it is similar to that of secondary hyperalgesia in the intact skin surrounding an injury site.	2
Torsades de pointes was diagnosed in the Emergency Department (ED).	2
A 28-year-old man underwent pterygium excision with a single intraoperative application of mitomycin C (0.02%) for 3 minutes.	2
We describe three patients who had been exposed to various solvents for more than 20 years (25, 34, and 46 years).	2
The preoperative single-drug therapy did not affect the histological diagnosis or prevent the presence of an effective degree of tumor sensitivity to the drug.	2
A 33-year-old woman visited our dermatologic clinic complaining of frequent oral ulceration for 10 years and generalized discoloration of her skin for 5 years.	2
She made remarkable improvement and remains transfusion independent afterwards.	2
Successful treatment of molluscum contagiosum in the immunosuppressed adult with topical injection of streptococcal preparation OK-432.	2
Adverse reactions to reserpine were studied in 231 hospitalized medical patients who received the drug.	2
Retinopathy of prematurity (ROP) is a multifactorial disease affecting the developing retinal vasculature and remains an important cause of blindness in very preterm infants.	2
A 32-year-old woman experienced ischemic stroke attributed to concomitant administration of a cough and cold preparation containing methylephedrine and a supplement containing Chinese herbal drugs.	2
Gastrointestinal disturbances were reported in six patients, and hypotension in six.	2
Cross-sensitivity reaction between tacrolimus and macrolide antibiotics.	2
DISCUSSION: CIPS is hypothesized to result from calcineurin-induced vascular changes that disturb bone perfusion and permeability, leading to intraosseous vasoconstriction and bone marrow edema.	2
The immune tolerance in a 12-year-old haemophilia A patient was carried out at the Faculty of Medicine, Ramathibodi Hospital, Bangkok in 1998.	2
While rasburicase has the potential to provide a rapid reversal of TLS in this patient population, when TLS is complicated by pre-existing acute renal failure, additional interventions and alternative anti-tumor strategies may be necessary for a successful outcome.	2
In vivo confocal microscopy showed swollen and enlarged cellular structures and the presence of microlacunae separating the stromal collagen lamellae.	2
He was treated with oral ibuprofen 600 mg every 6 h and oral cyclobenzaprine 5 mg daily, which improved his pain, but the shoulder stiffness remained throughout his hospital stay and persisted for 2 months following discharge.	2
Impairment of salivary secretion as a further effect upon cholinergic autonomic innervation was detectable for months.	2
While acute toxicity is not infrequently reported, a recent experience in an adult who received five consecutive daily doses of VCR (1.0 mg/m2) in conjunction with two other drugs led to a sequence of life-threatening toxicities which were not obviously ameliorated by folinic acid rescue as has been recently advocated.	2
An objective causality assessment suggested that the increased mania was probably related to the decrease in VPA concentration and that a possible interaction exists between lopinavir/ritonavir and VPA.	2
BACKGROUND: Cytomegalovirus (CMV) associated with thrombotic microangiopathy (TMA) in transplant patients has not been extensively described.	2
We describe a characteristic speech disorder identified in a large series of consecutive patients undergoing OLT.	2
When the treatment was completed, her depression substantially improved and her posture became completely upright.	2
We present a 16 month-old previously healthy boy with refractory hypercalcemia due to an overdose of an over-the-counter vitamin supplement.	2
This short period of sinus rhythm was interrupted by sudden prolongation of the P-P interval starting the alternative rhythm.	2
Elevation of the blood lactate concentration by alkali therapy without requiring additional lactic acid accumulation: theoretical considerations.	2
Hypoglycaemic coma recurred.	2
The final diagnosis in each of these patients was drug-induced pneumonitis, which responded to treatment with corticosteroids.	2
Few reports have described dermatologic adverse effects such as rash and pruritus, and, to our knowledge, none have discussed the seriousness or extensiveness of the rash.	2
She was found to have diffuse pulmonary infiltrates on chest radiograph and a marked peripheral eosinophilia without leukocytosis.	2
Despite effective thrombolysis, the plasma fibrinogen level rose during streptokinase administration and reached extremely high values 72 hours later.	2
A diagnosis of essential thrombocythemia was made by fulfilling the criteria of the Polycythemia Vera Study Group of the National Cancer Institute.	2
Analgesia was not compromised by the use of donepezil, and in some cases it appeared improved.	2
RESULTS: Withdrawal of oral colchicine therapy was followed by rapid corneal wound healing in both patients.	2
A patient with hematologic malignancy and hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection received chemotherapy containing a glucocorticoid.	2
Three cases of angel's trumpet tea-induced psychosis in adolescent substance abusers.	2
We report a 58-year-old otherwise healthy woman with unilateral endophytic optic disc hemangioma and associated serous retinal detachment and exudation.	2
In any case, from a clinical viewpoint, caution should be used when giving venlafaxine to patients with narrow-angle glaucoma, and ocular pressure must be monitored.	2
Intravenous valproate has been suggested for the treatment of status epilepticus in part because of its relatively good cardiovascular safety profile.	2
We describe a case of a woman with subarachnoid haemorrhage who developed hypocalcaemia and decreased serum parathyroid hormone levels due to hypermagnesemia.	2
Panhypogammaglobulinaemia is a rare complication of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE), but its cause and mechanism are unclear.	2
Serum tryptase levels drawn during the infusions were low, signifying controlled mast cell degranulation.	2
As a possible mechanism, a competitive inhibition at the receptor site of female hormones involved in water regulation is suspected.	2
When they do occur they are rarely a clinical problem.	2
An investigation of clozapine in the treatment of acute and chronic schizophrenia and gross behaviour disorders.	2
The course of this patient's renal disease contrasts sharply with diffuse proliferative glomerulonephritis of idiopathic systemic lupus, and suggests that this rare complication of procainamide therapy may have a favorable course.	2
The mycobacterial disease was eventually cured with clofazimine and the photosensitisation was managed by regulating sunlight exposure.	2
This appears to be the first such report in the literature.	2
Extrahepatic cholestasis, viral hepatitis and autoimmune liver disorders were excluded.	2
A life-long antiretroviral treatment of congenital HIV disease, associated with a mixed fat redistribution syndrome and osteopenia already occurred during pre-pubertal age.	2
D-penicillamine was withdrawn and glucocorticoids combined with azathioprine were given with good recovery of renal function.	2
CONCLUSION: Overnight wearing of a rigid contact lens is a risk factor for a corneal ulcer.	2
Respiratory failure in Wegener's granulomatosis: response to pulse intravenous methylprednisolone and cyclophosphamide.	2
There have been few reports on the imaging diagnosis and treatment of infection of interbody cages used in posterior lumbar interbody fusion.	2
She was suffering from an unspecified interstitial lung disease, papillary thyroid carcinoma which had been treated, hypoparathyroidism after thyroidectomy for which she was receiving dihydrotachysterol and calcium, and atrial fibrillation and congestive heart failure as a result of mitral stenosis.	2
In most European recommendations, the empirical antibiotic treatment is directed against "the most likely pathogen," based on epidemiological, clinical, and laboratory data, and on the severity of illness.	2
This increase was mirrored by an improvement in seizures, but not in myoclonus or ataxia.	2
Abnormal vasopressin secretion was shown by a plasma vasopressin concentration of 0.5 microU/ml with a plasma osmolality of 268 mOsm/kg water after administration of a fluid challenge consisting of 45 ml/kg body weight.	2
Bone marrow cytogenetic study confirmed the deletion of the long arm of chromosome 11, as reported in myeloid leukemia.	2
Reduction of tumor burden and stabilization of disease by systemic therapy with anti-CD20 antibody (rituximab) in patients with primary cutaneous B-cell lymphoma.	2
Hypersensitivity reaction to sulindac (Clinoril).	2
Hypertension was found to be the most significant risk factor for developing retinopathy.	2
Despite a preferential action on cerebral vessels, there is clinical and experimental evidence of effects on systemic vascular and intestinal smooth muscle cells.	2
Ileus after administration of cold remedy in an elderly diabetic patient treated with acarbose.	2
Although the efficacy of recombinant factor VIIa has been shown in many patients, concerns have arisen about the risk of thrombotic adverse events.	2
Common adverse reactions of immunosuppressive treatment are infections, hematologic and liver function abnormalities, but neurologic complications may also be seen.	2
The results of modeling studies have suggested and clinical investigations have confirmed a major pharmacokinetic advantage for exposure of the peritoneal cavity to certain chemotherapeutic agents compared with exposure of the systemic circulation when these drugs are delivered through the intraperitoneal route.	2
The patient was admitted to the hospital and treated for SIADH.	2
Case #3 was considered a mixed drug overdose.	2
Approximately 1 to 2 minutes after injection, the patient described discomfort in the lower abdomen, and 1 minute later, he was unable to move his lower extremities.	2
However, 4 days later the ocular pressure of the first patient increased to 22 mmHg, which led to suspension of the drug.	2
Agitated dysphoria after late-onset loss of response to antidepressants: a case report.	2
The purpose is to report a complication after photodynamic therapy (PDT) and intravitreal triamcinolone for a presumed choroidal neovascularization in age-related macular degeneration.	2
Administration of cidofovir was associated with clearance of BK virus DNA from blood and stabilization of renal function in 5 cases.	2
The adverse effects of oral contraceptives on the structure and function of hepatic tissue are reviewed.	2
Management of cryptococcosis and toxic epidermal necrolysis in a dog.	2
Therefore, physicians and dentists alike must understand how to identify and prevent these adverse effects in order to further improve HIV patient treatments.	2
Power spectrum analysis studies revealed that heart rate had significantly improved and that power spectrum cardiovascular parameters had returned to normal.	2
Nitric oxide, a potent smooth muscle relaxant, has been shown to be involved in the initiation and maintenance of erections; future research involving specific inhibitors of this chemical is indicated for the possible treatment of intraoperative penile erections.	2
He also experienced improvement in his pain control.	2
These findings strongly support the hypothesis that pulmonary capillaritis may represent a form of acute humoral rejection in the lung allograft that is less common than, and clinically and histologically distinct from, typical acute cellular rejection.	2
Discussion includes a review of the literature with respect to the relative merits of daily oral cyclophosphamide versus pulse intravenous cyclophosphamide in WG and other vasculitides.	2
The obscure autopsy and neuroleptic malignant syndrome.	2
This association has been reported less frequently with tacrolimus.	2
Cardiac transplantation is a well defined therapy for end stage heart failure.	2
Acute spontaneous spinal epidural hematoma: an important differential diagnosis in patients under clopidogrel therapy.	2
All lesions resolved with proven histologic clearance.	2
There was some evidence of a delayed-type bone marrow toxicity.	2
A 23-year-old woman with metastatic Sertoli-Leydig cell tumor was treated with cisplatin, vinblastine, and bleomycin.	2
CASE REPORT: A 64-year-old man was evaluated for chronic low-back pain after multiple spine surgeries.	2
Septicemia and septic shock are a leading cause of morbidity and mortality among hospitalized patients.	2
Adverse reactions also were more common in patients who had not received rauwolfia derivatives prior to admission; however, this group of patients also received IM reserpine more frequently.	2
Thus, the effect of antidiabetic agents on cardiovascular health and safety must be considered when selecting the most appropriate therapy.	2
Upon analysis of plasma VWF multimers (VWFMs) in this patient, those with large to medium molecular masses more selectively disappeared before the IV-Ig infusion than did those with small molecular masses.	2
Neuroimaging shows bilateral subcortical and cortical edema with prominent posterior distribution.	2
Efforts to reduce the glucose levels and long-term complications increase the frequency of hypoglycemia.	2
Hypertonic sodium bicarbonate is recognized as effective therapy for hypotension and arrhythmias.	2
Benzalkonium chloride poisoning in infant twins.	2
The agranulocytosis was rapidly resolved by granulocyte colony-stimulating factor (G-CSF) therapy and by the discontinuation of vancomycin.	2
Vitamin B12 (cyanocobalamin) is an integral component of two biochemical reactions in man: the conversion of L-methylmalonyl coenzyme A into succinyl coenzyme A and the formation of methionine by methylation of homocysteine.	2
METHODS: This is a case report of a CPP treated by a pain physician who demonstrated aberrant drug-related behaviors and required large doses of controlled-release oxycodone.	2
METHODS: We used immunological methods to study a case in which pemphigus herpetiformis occurred in a woman with a history of psoriasis, shortly after a course of ultraviolet B (UVB) therapy.	2
Accordingly, careful monitoring of liver function parameters should be performed both during and after treatment when onychomycosis requires prolonged itraconazole administration, even in asymptomatic patients lacking apparent risk factors of hepatic injury.	2
Membranous nephropathy in rheumatoid arthritis.	2
These potentially life-threatening phenomena have led to treatment discontinuation and the consequent reemergence of psychiatric symptoms.	2
This regimen should decrease the risk of antibiotic induced nephrotoxicity, but it requires further study.	2
Further studies need to be carried out to clarify the pharmacologic differences between dual and selective 5-HT and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors on lower urinary tract function.	2
Drugs metabolized by the same enzyme may interact with each other.	2
In addition to illustrating the potential diagnostic confusion with infection or lupus flare, this case is of interest in that the reaction developed suddenly despite the patient's uneventful use of the drug for over two years.	2
In the present study, our cases suggested that patients receiving a high dose of co-trimoxazole should be evaluated for these potential complications during a course of treatment, particularly in elderly patients with preexisting renal dysfunction.	2
Treatment included radiation to the whole brain with a boost to the tumor bed.	2
On day 15 of cycle 1, he reported progressive worsening of weakness and fatigue, and melena.	2
Although follow-up is short, radiotherapy alone appears to provide excellent disease-free survival.	2
The histological findings were a benign colonic ulcer with the infiltration of inflammatory cells, mainly lymphocytes.	2
Nasal septal perforation in a patient with allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis and rhinitis on long term corticosteroids.	2
There was neither intrathecal chemotherapy nor brain irradiation.	2
Antisocial behaviour was controlled in 12 out of the 13 behaviour-disordered group.	2
This, together with the primitive venous bed developing in the periventricular region, was associated with the spontaneous hemorrhage in the region of the foramen of Monro.	2
To our knowledge no severe persistent neurological deficits following thrombolytic therapy have been reported.	2
Case report and review of the literature.	2
Aromatic anticonvulsants, sulphamides, minocycline and more rarely carbamazepine are the principal responsible drugs.	2
Microdeletions of 22q11.2 are the main etiology for DiGeorge syndrome, a disorder characterized by heart defects, immune deficiencies due to aplasia or hypoplasia of the thymus, and hypocalcemia.	2
It has been approved by the Food and Drug Administration for 24-h use.	2
The septal defect, repaired surgically by Hazeltine's method healed completely within 6 weeks.	2
An antibiotic lock technique was created using a flush solution of vancomycin 1 mg/ml with 100 unit heparin/ml.	2
The underlying mechanism as well as the treatment of hypokalaemia and hyperchloraemic metabolic acidosis after ureterosigmoidostomy are briefly discussed.	2
Three of the four airmen experienced undesirable HbA1c levels.	2
In the course of modifying her anticonvulsant regimen, the authors examined the 6beta-hydroxycortisol/cortisol ratio (6beta-OHF/F) in her urine, which can be the index of hepatic CYP3A4 activity, with electrospray ionization/mass spectrometry/mass spectrometry (ESI/MS/MS).	2
At 8 months after surgery, hair again covered his entire head.	2
Urinary incontinence is an important medical condition with clinical and social implications.	2
We report a case of a patient with squamous cell carcinoma of the throat above the larynx (supraglottic), who did not adhere to dental treatment recommendations for both pre- and post radiation dental management.	2
DISCUSSION: The severity and presentation of central nervous system toxicity due to ifosfamide varies greatly and involves a spectrum ranging from subclinical electroencephalogram changes to coma.	2
Herbal remedies generate more than 1.8 billion dollars in annual sales in the United States.	2
The routine immunologic studies were normal.	2
The degree of emanating clinical events also conforms to status of the aflatoxicosis.	2
The isolation of Kluyvera as a pathogen in transplant patients emphasizes that this commensal organism may be virulent in this patient population.	2
The immunoglobulin serum levels and inflammatory markers were unchanged.	2
After two weeks of drug treatment, the patient exhibited symptoms similar to those seen in the manic phase of bipolar affective disorder.	2
In case #1, the concentrations of quetiapine found were 7.20 mg/L (19 micromol/L) in blood and 0.93 mg/L (2.4 micromol/L) in vitreous fluid.	2
The eye eventually became blind and painful and was enucleated.	2
We suggest that LS enhances cardiac performance during and after cardiopulmonary bypass, and can be useful for patients who are unable to be weaned from cardiopulmonary bypass.	2
RESULTS: Parathyroid hormone, parathyroid hormone-related peptide and 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D levels were suppressed, suggesting that hypercalcemia was mediated through alternative mechanisms.	2
No patient had a history of previous chronic lung disease; most were not immunocompromised.	2
This review is an in-depth report of the efficacy and safety of 1% lindane compared with the agents that have been preferred as alternative.	2
The authors compare the case with the 8 other published cases of postinjection epidural hematomas in patients with coagulopathy, and the specific risk factors that may have contributed to the hemorrhagic complication in this patient is analyzed.	2
METHODS: The records of all five diabetic aircrew were reviewed.	2
After 2 months, she developed a severe depressive syndrome which lead to suicidal ideation.	2
The Jarisch-Herxheimer reaction in ocular syphilis.	2
On the 4th day after the infusion, VWF antigen and VWF ristocetin cofactor increased to 40 and 78% of the control, respectively, and dental extractions were performed successfully.	2
Based on this report and previous case reports, caution is advised when concurrent warfarin and 5-fluorouracil are prescribed.	2
In one case, PVT occurred in the absence of HVOD in a patient with pre-existing periportal lymphomatous infiltration.	2
Cardiopulmonary bypass support can be considered as a salvage therapy.	2
This case is the eleventh to report this condition.	2
The episode appeared to have been precipitated by toxicity due to ingestion of a large amount of phenytoin.	2
It has become key to treating attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in children and adolescents.	2
Initial plasma concentration of pyrimethamine was 6.22 micrograms/mL.	2
Treatment consisted of shunt removal and intravenous Amphotericin B in all cases and intraventricular Amphotericin B in 4 cases.	2
Haemodialysis patients are likely to develop bacteriaemia due to S. aureus, probably because they are often carriers of S. aureus and also frequently have intravascular catheters.	2
A frequent problem is relapse of disease when corticosteroid dosage is tapered off.	2
Methylphenidate is a potent central nervous system stimulant that exerts its effects by increasing synaptic levels of dopamine and norepinephrine.	2
A 60-year old woman with medullary breast cancer stage IIIB underwent neoadjuvant chemotherapy with TAC (doxetaxele 100 mg/m2, doxorubicin 50 mg/m2 and cyclophosphamide 600 mg/m2).	2
A 44-year-old woman with a previous diagnosis of multiple sclerosis presented with panuveitis and retinal perivasculitis.	2
Again, the pneumonitis was fully reversible.	2
Treatment of Paecilomyces infections may require multiple courses of antifungal therapy, often with surgical debridement.	2
Epidural steroid injections are relatively safe procedures, although the risk of hemorrhagic complications in patients undergoing long-term anticoagulation therapy is higher.	2
His serum carbamazepine concentration was 3.9 microg/mL (reference range, 4-12 microg/mL), and his serum ammonia concentration was 127 microg/dL (reference range, 19-60 microg/dL).	2
Infusion of fresh frozen plasma together with aspirin and dipyridamole resulted in recovery of microangiopathic hemolytic anemia and thrombocytopenia.	2
OBJECTIVE: The study was carried out to increase awareness about the etiology and characteristic features of pseudoporphyria.	2
Two developed milder encephalopathy; one had no CNS depression at all.	2
This suggests the possibility that ACE inhibitors may uncover an asthmatic tendency in patients with pre-existing bronchial hyperreactivity.	2
The withdrawal of PI was followed by a complete improvement of renal function.	2
No other recognized causes of rhabdomyolysis were identified on retrospective review of the hospital course.	2
Conservative follow-up after epidural abscess and diskitis complicating instrumented metal interbody cage.	2
However, data published since acyclovir became available do not indicate increased adverse effects related to its use in pregnancy, especially if prescribed in selected situations, such as disseminated primary herpes simplex infections or maternal varicella pneumonia.	2
Acute neuritis can lead to permanent nerve damage and necessitate prompt treatment with prednisone and/or clofazamine.	2
Neuralgic amyotrophy associated with antibiotic therapy.	2
After the patient developed recurrent infections, laboratory findings disclosed panhypogammaglobulinaemia with B-lymphocyte deficiency.	2
DATA SOURCES: Published articles, abstracts, and conference proceedings.	2
Both were treated successfully with oral potassium.	2
Terbutaline is a beta2-adrenergic agonist that may mediate its effects via direct beta2-receptor stimulation, baroreceptor-mediated increases in sympathetic tone, or via presynaptic beta2-stimulation.	2
Intravenous ribavirin was obtained and administered for 5 days without success; the patient's mental status deteriorated rapidly and she died on day 69 post-transplant.	2
Clinically important side effects are infrequent, but diarrhea, usually transient, occurred in about 13 percent, with frank steatorrhea in 2 to 6 percent of cases.	2
Acromegaly increases the overall risk of neoplasms.	2
PURPOSE: The aim of this article was to review the most important data in the literature about SSEH and to propose clopidogrel (Plavix) therapy as a risk factor.	2
CONCLUSIONS: X maltophilia is a potential intraocular pathogen in an immunocompetent host.	2
RESULTS: The patient was seen on the eighth postoperative day with endophthalmitis that responded to medical treatment.	2
His inhibitor was increased from 15 to 580 BU within the first 4 weeks of immune tolerance.	2
The management of this clinical challenge is reviewed, in the absence of a clinical guideline, with particular reference to the judicious tailoring of anti-platelet therapy, the role of therapeutic endoscopy and the utility of blood transfusion.	2
Although local skin reactions were common, neither local nor systemic bleeding worsened.	2
Relentless growth and recurrence carry a poor prognosis.	2
Salmon calcitonin in the treatment of post herpetic neuralgia.	2
Tardive and chronically recurrent oculogyric crises.	2
Case report.	2
Human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) protease inhibitors are associated with several metabolic abnormalities including hypercholesterolemia and hypertriglyceridemia.	2
Estrogen therapy in a male patient with chronic hepatitis C and irradiation-induced testicular dysfunction.	2
When headache recurred and meningeal signs appeared, SAH was diagnosed by computed tomography in all three cases.	2
Our data suggest that low-molecular-weight heparin possesses strong renoprotective properties, thus confirming previous data from experimental nephropathies.	2
In one patient, interferon induced hypothyroidism in the absence of pre-existing thyroid dysfunction and in the other it aggravated a pre-existing thyroid dysfunction.	2
In an elderly patient with unresolving acute bronchospasm, herpesvirus infection of the lower respiratory tract should be considered in the differential diagnosis.	2
There are no human data regarding the safety of very high dosages of lacosamide.	2
We report what is to the best of our knowledge the first case of multifocal osteomyelitis following disseminated infection in a patient after haematopoietic stem cell transplantation.	2
Analysis of a phenotyped human liver bank revealed that the antibodies recognised a 52.5 kDa microsomal protein which exhibited marked heterogeneity in its expression and appeared to be regulated co-ordinately with human CYP2C8 and 3A3/4.	2
RESULTS: The patients sought treatment ten to 20 weeks (mean, 15 weeks) postoperatively.	2
Cardiac ischemia is a well-known and serious complication during surgery.	2
Isolation of Mycobacterium thermoresistibile following augmentation mammaplasty.	2
Neuroleptic malignant syndrome (NMS) is a potentially life-threatening adverse effect of antipsychotic agents.	2
Based on these data, we conclude that PSL therapy can ameliorate primary nephrotic syndrome in patients over the age of eighty years.	2
These drugs, phosphodiesterase 5 (PDE5) inhibitors, help men with ED obtain and sustain an erection, improving both sexual function and sexual performance satisfaction.	2
Neutropenic enterocolitis in breast cancer patient after taxane-containing chemotherapy.	2
Nonsurgical management of ectopic pregnancy associated with severe hyperstimulation syndrome.	2
BK virus-associated nephropathy (BKVN) has become recognized as an important cause of allograft dysfunction among transplant recipients.	2
Therefore, we conclude that chronic hepatitis C patients, especially people with darkly pigmented skin, need to be closely monitored for ophthalmologic complications, by periodic check-up of the optic fundi, for a prolonged period, during interferon treatment.	2
The postoperative histological diagnosis was endometrioid adenocarcinoma in an endometriotic cyst with a gradual transition of the degree of cellular atypia noted from typical endometriotic epithelium, to atypical endometriosis, and finally to adenocarcinoma.	2
We report a case of primary non-Hodgkin gastric stump lymphoma, found in a 78-year-old man 30 years after a distal gastrectomy for a benign peptic ulcer.	2
Malignant myelosclerosis or acute myelofibrosis is a rare acute myeloproliferative disorder characterized by pancytopenia, myeloblastosis and marrow fibrosis.	2
This report suggests that the poor prognosis previously given to fetuses exposed to disulfiram in the first trimester may not be warranted.	2
General aneurysmatosis due to cheese consumption: complications of an endocarditis caused by Lactococcus cremoris.	2
OBJECTIVE: Quetiapine is a recently introduced atypical antipsychotic.	2
Tumor resection was performed, with posterolateral fusion and spinal instrumentation.	2
This clinical management may offer an alternative to treatment suspension.	2
The peritonitis in these patients differed from the typical picture in which a single aerobic organism is responsible, by the presence of multiple organisms, some of which were anaerobic.	2
The patient achieving a partial response experienced no side effects while receiving ipilimumab.	2
Well tolerated, midodrine appears to be a suitable and effective agent as it raises blood pressure significantly via its effect on peripheral alpha-adrenergic receptors.	2
The patient died 7 years after the diagnosis of myeloma with extensive abdominal lymphoma.	2
METHOD: We describe a successful rescue of a 46-year-old man with recurrent hepatitis C (HCV genotype 1b) using long-term interferon (IFN) and ribavirin.	2
The next day, he suffered from a paralytic ileus.	2
Herpetic tracheobronchitis.	2
Veno-occlusive disease (VOD) is a life-threatening complication following allogeneic or autologous stem cell transplantation.	2
DISCUSSION: Since no other cause could be identified, liver injury was considered to be drug related.	2
Within 4 days of discontinuing the pentamidine, the patient's heart rate stabilized at 80 beats/minute without further intervention.	2
It is imperative that dermatologists have a keen awareness of this possible adverse event given the increased use of this class of drugs.	2
Intralesional injection of 5-fluorouracil has recently been reported as a possible method of treatment for an assortment of benign and malignant cutaneous neoplasms.	2
The reflex was interrupted by blocking bilaterally the third division of trigeminal nerve.	2
After clinical assessment undiagnosed chest pain can become a difficult problem.	2
There are few reports of salvage chemotherapy for HIV-related non-Hodgkin's lymphoma (NHL).	2
The case of a myasthenia-like syndrome induced by cardiovascular drugs is reported.	2
Fluorescein angiogram showed presence of venous collaterals, but the pattern of the edema was atypical; optical coherence tomography (OCT) and indocyanine green angiography (ICG) were used to confirm the diagnosis of CNV.	2
The patient had previously received PKP several times.	2
There is growing evidence that various organic solvents give rise to a parkinsonism syndrome with pyramidal features in susceptible individuals.	2
Reversal of pathologic cardiac parameters after transition from clozapine to olanzapine treatment: a case report.	2
The disease rapidly evolved into acute leukemia within 1 month after the onset of MDS, and the patient died 1 month later during induction chemotherapy.	2
METHODS: Patients with chronic pain who voluntarily indicated that they used cannabis therapeutically completed a questionnaire about the type of cannabis used, the mode of administration, the amount used and the frequency of use, and their perception of the effectiveness of cannabis on a set of pain-associated symptoms and side effects.	2
A breast cancer patient with pelvic and gastric malignancy after adjuvant tamoxifen treatment for breast cancer.	2
All strains were sensitive to linezolid with MIC<4 mg/l.	2
CASE REPORT: A 27-year-old male presented a corticosteroid-resistant nephrotic syndrome secondary to collapsing FGS corticosteroid.	2
Under prophylactic treatment with low-dose trimipramine (50 mg) or nefazodone (200 mg/day) therapy with IFN-alpha 3 x 3 mio IE/week was re-established after several months and again 2 years later adding ribavirin 1200 mg/day, a virustaticum.	2
RESULTS: Fifteen patients (10 male) were interviewed (median age 49.5 years, range 24 to 68 years).	2
It completely remitted following withdrawal of phenelzine combined with a low dose of haloperidol (1 mg/day) for several days.	2
Analysis of the PCR products revealed sequences sharing close homology with the coxsackie B-like group of enteroviruses.	2
RESULTS: Of the 74 neonates evaluated, 65 had no signs of gastric obstruction and were considered normal; 5 had clinical and radiologic or pathological evidence of gastric obstruction consistent with the presence of antral mucosal hyperplasia.	2
MATERIALS AND METHODS: In a retrospective analysis during a 5-year period, 112 patients underwent stent-graft placement for thoracic aortic aneurysms.	2
Neurotoxicity can occur at any time using high-dose cytosine therapy.	2
He is being followed with repeated imaging studies for a small abdominal aneurysm.	2
Acute pancreatitis associated with high-concentration lipid emulsion during total parenteral nutrition therapy for Crohn's disease.	2
Fever and chills occurred on seven occasions.	2
Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents may be an alternative to chemotherapy and radiotherapy in treating mesenteric desmoids.	2
The seizures started when he was 2 months old.	2
Here, we report a giant cell lichenoid dermatitis in a 41-year-old male patient who developed, 3 days after intravenous treatment with amoxicillin-clavulanic acid for erysipelas of the left leg, a clinical picture suggesting a baboon syndrome characterized by an erythematous and pruritic eruption on the axillary, inguinal and popliteal areas and the anterior side of elbows.	2
Medical practitioners are also applying recombinant factor VIIa toward the control of bleeding in patients without hemophilia.	2
On suspicion of an adverse effect of carbamazepine, he was switched to phenytoin monotherapy.	2
He was first treated with intravenous fluids, furosemide and glucocorticoids without significant improvement, but became eucalcemic within 24 hours after receiving a single dose of pamidronate.	2
On day 7, blood obtained on day 4 was found to be strongly positive for HDAs.	2
Many of such strokes are asymptomatic, but some are devastating.	2
An extensive literature search revealed few previous reports of herbal drug induced EM and SJS.	2
Many of the uncommon causes of CAPD peritonitis have been reviewed, with special emphasis on antimicrobial therapy and whether catheter removal was required.	2
Postural epigastric pain as a sign of cytomegalovirus gastritis in renal transplant recipients: a case-based review.	2
Some hiccups are associated with certain diseases or occur postsurgically, and life-restricting intractable hiccups should be treated.	2
It also draws attention to the fact that drug-induced OGC may be a multifaceted disorder with disturbances of movement, thought, behavior, and emotion, reminiscent of the OGC described in association with epidemic encephalitis lethargica.	2
Follicular cell carcinoma of the thyroid in a child after bone marrow transplantation for acute lymphoblastic leukemia.	2
After 6 weeks of therapy, the patient developed an unexplained fever.	2
Pulmonary arterial blood pressure and wedge pressure were significantly elevated.	2
After 4 years in complete remission, he developed a CD20-negative T-cell-rich B-cell lymphoma (TCRBCL) presenting as multiple lung lesions.	2
The case history of a 42 year old male on CAPD who was receiving sodium nitroprusside (SNP) for hypertensive encephalopathy is described.	2
Several biopsies yielded a mold initially phenotypically identified as a Penicillium species, but molecular sequence analysis ultimately determined the identity as Paecilomyces lilacinus.	2
All 4 patients developed steroid-induced glaucoma and failed traditional immunosuppressant therapy.	2
As an apparent result of their immune modulating activity, there has been an observed association between the use of these agents and the development of a wide range of infections, most notably Mycobacterium tuberculosis.	2
The patient has since returned to his routines of daily living and has reported no fatigue or other lingering adverse symptoms.	2
Findings of electrophysiologic study and cardiac magnetic resonance imaging were within normal limits, pointing to the ingestion of Aconitum as the most likely source of his arrhythmia.	2
The low ionized calcium was unsuccessfully treated with several doses of calcium levulinate but successfully treated with 1 alpha-hydroxycholecalciferol.	2
Dosage varied widely, but as little as 0.1 mg caused significant signs and symptoms.	2
Neutropenia is an uncommon but potentially serious complication of drug therapy.	2
Two months following LASIK, an epithelial dendritic lesion appeared in the lower third of the corneal flap of the left eye with vesiculoulcerative lesions of the lateral side of the tip of the nose.	2
Use of midodrine (Gutron) to treat permanent hypotension in a chronic hemodialysis patient.	2
In this case, developmental and functional disturbances of the primary and permanent dentition are seen.	2
Thus, haemodialysis using high-flux membranes is a feasible and effective therapeutic option for carbamazepine intoxication.	2
Lithium and ECT--concurrent use still demands attention: three case reports.	2
BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Sternal fracture pain is severe and is difficult to alleviate due to the forces acting on the chest wall during respiration.	2
In early-recognized, subacute cases a surgical intervention using patches can be lifesaving.	2
This finding suggests a dopaminergic mechanism specifically in changing the frequency of cycling between depression and mania.	2
BACKGROUND: Back pain is a common presentation associated with opioid seeking behaviour.	2
Intradermal tests with carboplatin were positive in all three patients and negative with cisplatin.	2
The patient's hematocrit eventually stabilized and was 30% at discharge.	2
Remission was confirmed objectively with pure-tone audiometry.	2
CONCLUSIONS: This review identifies a specific problem that can occur with central line removal.	2
This is the first case of PML after SCT treated with cidofovir, and the fifth case treated with this drug in a patient without human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection.	2
During tacrolimus treatment, there were no further episodes of graft rejection and no incidents of herpes simplex virus infection or reactivation, with the longest follow-up being 4 years.	2
She had been treated with AZ, 500 mg per every day for eleven days for the treatment of glaucoma.	2
The effects of proton pump inhibitors on the pharmacokinetics of atazanavir and amprenavir (administered as fosamprenavir) were rigorously evaluated in healthy volunteers in two studies, but formal studies in persons infected with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) are lacking.	2
Local dense accumulations of skin debris that became crusty were also observed.	2
An 18-year-old female with alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency underwent living donor liver transplantation and presented 6 months later with a liver abscess.	2
A review of the literature reveals this as a unique case.	2
An 86-year-old African-American man presented with tonic-clonic seizures.	2
G-CSF was used as an adjunctive therapy with discontinuation of carbimazole, barrier nursing and a broad-spectrum antibiotic regimen to treat her neutropenic sepsis.	2
Muscle involvement is also common, although it usually remains asymptomatic.	2
We report two pediatric cases who developed veno-occlusive disease-like hepatotoxicity while receiving chemotherapy for Wilms' tumor and clear cell sarcoma of kidney.	2
However, there can be a delay in diagnosing porphyria and a difficulty in selecting safe medicine for it even today.	2
The patient underwent a total hysterectomy and bilateral salpingo-oophorectomy with multiple omental biopsies.	2
The AVM was embolized without incident, however, the AVF was not accessible.	2
Patient beliefs that prescribed medication has limitations and that natural products are safe contributed to the use of herbal remedies.	2
The authors suggest that alprazolam may have enhanced specificity for a subpopulation of benzodiazepine receptors.	2
A 63-year-old man with a T1c adenocarcinoma of the prostate, Gleason score of 7 (4+3), and a pretreatment prostate-specific antigen (PSA) level of 9.5 ng/mL was treated with external-beam radiation therapy (45 Gy) and 2 magnetic resonance imaging-guided high-dose rate brachytherapy boosts (10 Gy each.) The patient also received neoadjuvant, concurrent, and adjuvant hormonal treatment with leuprolide for 7 months total.	2
Magnetic resonance imaging was more useful than computed tomography in the early diagnosis and management of these acute lymphocytic leukemia patients with leukoencephalopathy.	2
The electrocardiogram showed alternation of long and short P-P intervals and occasional pauses.	2
Attenuation of drug-induced anxiety dreams and pavor nocturnus by benzodiazepines.	2
MATERIAL AND METHODS: A 39-year-old male with idiopathic sudden SNHL that was responsive to corticosteroids was treated with ciclosporin for 18 months.	2
Also, concomitant therapy with antianxiety medications that may mask the symptoms of electrolyte disorders should be undertaken with caution.	2
Morbidity included extended hospitalization, dialysis, and chronic renal failure.	2
The parasite that causes this infection is usually transmitted by the sandfly and occasionally by nonsterile needles among intravenous drug users.	2
Milk:plasma ratios were less than 1, although a higher ratio would be predicted.	2
SUMMARY: A 26-year-old man with bipolar disorder, seizures, and mild mental retardation secondary to a traumatic brain injury began treatment with carbamazepine for aggression and seizure control.	2
We propose that, in addition to hyperperfusion, captopril alters renal function by an additional intrarenal hemodynamic effect.	2
So far nine patients on digoxin have received between 550 and 1000 mg/m2 of doxorubicin without ill effect.	2
Viscoelastic material as an adjunct to dissections and to treat microperforations during nonpenetrating filtering surgery.	2
The fingernails were more affected than the toenails and clinically the changes consisted of absence of lunulae, longitudinal ridging, transverse or longitudinal defects of the nailplate and a tendency of onychoschizia.	2
Furthermore, each patient was subsequently treated with other antihypertensive medications which, like propranolol, contain the stabilizer additive tartrazine.	2
Cannabis for chronic pain: case series and implications for clinicians.	2
The patient has received follow-up treatment for three years and five months without local or systemic effects observed.	2
Strong expressions of PDGF-B and IGF-1 on alveolar macrophages and type II pneumocytes were clearly demonstrated, but in contrast, the expressions of TGF-beta1 and COX-2 were almost undetectable.	2
It is characterized by severe muscular rigidity, hyperthermia, and autonomic disturbances.	2
Vital signs were within normal limits.	2
Ischemic stroke associated with cough and cold preparation containing methylephedrine and supplement containing Chinese herbal drugs.	2
Aluminum intoxication developed in three infants with azotemia who were not undergoing dialysis and who had been treated with aluminum hydroxide from the first month of life.	2
However, as with botulinum toxin type A (BTX-A) it has off-label uses, such as for hyperhidrosis, focal dystonias, spasticity, and facial wrinkles.	2
Soon after, the SvO2 decreased progressively from 55 to 39%.	2
CASE SUMMARY: TLS developed in 2 neonates born at 38 weeks' gestational age; both were managed in part with rasburicase.	2
The tryptase sera level was 109 mg/L one hour after the reaction had subsided, while the basal values were normal.	2
Acute cardiogenic pulmonary edema and other causes of respiratory distress were ruled out; diagnosis of Adult Respiratory Distress Syndrome (ARDS) was made.	2
A mild decrease in the temperature (33.4-34.7 degrees C) along with delusions and feeling slightly chilly was part of the initial presentation.	2
This case report describes a very rare complication of S. aureus sepsis in a 62-year-old haemodialysis patient, namely a suprarenal aneurysm of the abdominal aorta.	2
PURPOSE: To report a case of Serratia Marcescens corneal ulcer as a complication of orthokeratology treatment.	2
Magnetic resonance imaging revealed focal abnormalities, predominantly in the cortex, that on light and electron microscopic examination were demonstrated to be highly localized areas of neuronal loss, gliosis, and secondary Wallerian degeneration with paramyxovirus inclusions in the oligodendrocytes and surviving neurons.	2
Its use in reproductive age women has become increasingly common in recent years, intensifying the risk of fetal exposure.	2
New neurological symptoms developed immediately after injection, and magnetic resonance (MR) imaging demonstrated trapped air displacing the dural sac.	2
Three children presented with adrenal crises, manifested by vomiting and hypoglycaemia, after protracted courses of high-dose inhaled corticosteroids for asthma.	2
Treatment of proteinuria with low-molecular-weight heparin after renal transplantation.	2
Fulminant liver failure has not previously been described with concomitant use of atenolol and N-acetylcysteine.	2
Use of glycopyrrolate to treat intraoperative penile erection.	2
Failure to properly address parotid duct injuries that result from Mohs micrographic surgery exposes the patient to a variety of adverse sequelae.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Postural epigastric pain as a sign of CMV gastritis is fairly rare in renal transplant recipients.	2
It follows that in any case of hymenoptera envenomation a standard ECG is advisable even when a clearly defined allergic reaction is not present.	2
Small cell carcinoma of the lung is the tumor most commonly associated with ectopic ACTH production and hypercortisolism.	2
BACKGROUND: A 39-year-old male with multiple myeloma was admitted for treatment with melphalan and autologous stem cell reinfusion.	2
Therapeutic efficacy of ipilimumab, an anti-CTLA-4 monoclonal antibody, in patients with metastatic melanoma unresponsive to prior systemic treatments: clinical and immunological evidence from three patient cases.	2
Here we report on a patient with severe aplastic anemia who developed PRCA after HLA-identical but major ABO-mismatched peripheral blood stem cell transplantation.	2
The clinical course and histological findings are presented.	2
A patient with post-traumatic epilepsy who had remained fit-free for many years until she was given the 5-HT reuptake inhibitor fluvoxamine is reported.	2
Pregnancy and complicated familial Mediterranean fever.	2
A treatment, possibly radiation-associated tumor cell alteration resulting in a different catecholamine production, is discussed.	2
We report its successful use in the treatment of a nodular basal cell carcinoma.	2
Knowledge of the clinical picture is important for correct diagnosis and treatment.	2
Tacrolimus was substituted for cyclosporine on day 20; on day 21 amlodipine was initiated to manage hypertension.	2
We describe the safety and efficacy of enfuvirtide therapy in 4 patients with severe hemophilia A.	2
Five patients (ages 23-52; UNOS status 3-4) exhibited a characteristic pattern of stuttering dysarthria, leading to complete loss of speech production, occasionally with elements of aphasia.	2
Ultrastructural study of a renal biopsy in each case showed extensive glomerular epithelial cell foot process fusion.	2
A 59-year-old white man developed keratoacanthoma of the nose immediately following one course of MOPP polychemotherapy for clinical state IV B mixed cellularity Hodgkin's disease.	2
SCs increase during chemotherapy, were often unpredictable and led to emotional consequences.	2
Despite these changes, the sensitivity of the mutant virus to zanamivir assessed by a standard test in MDCK cells was unaffected.	2
Liver biopsy revealed a reduction in activity of carbamyl phosphate synthetase-I, an enzyme obligated for transformation of ammonia to urea in the urea cycle.	2
Therapeutic re-exposure with intravenous ceftriaxone 1 g confirmed the diagnosis.	2
Until the frequency of this adverse reaction is clearer, it would seem advisable to ensure that plasma HDL cholesterol is documented before and rechecked after commencement of thiazolidinedione therapy.	2
The aim of this phase I study was to determine the toxicity profile and the optimal dosage of KW-2149.	2
CASES: Sonograms were done within 24 hours after administration of thrombolytic agents at 15 and 26 weeks of gestation, respectively, in 2 women whose pregnancies were complicated with thrombosis of prosthetic mitral valves.	2
Early diagnosis of leukoencephalopathy of acute lymphocytic leukemia by MRI.	2
Topical thiotepa treatment for recurrent corneal haze after photorefractive keratectomy.	2
We describe two patients with rheumatoid arthritis who developed chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (CIDP) during their course of therapy with TNF-alpha antagonists.	2
Case report with neuropathologic findings.	2
OK-432 therapy is considered hopeful for treating viral skin diseases, even in immunosuppressed patients.	2
After oral L-thyroxine treatment the goiter disappeared.	2
Finally a renal biopsy was performed and it showed a pauci-immunologic glomerulonephritis and the bronchioloalveolar lavage confirmed the diffuse alveolar hemorrhage.	2
More than 4 years later, the patient continues to be troubled by persistent paraparesis and chronic pain.	2
On MRI, the low and high signal areas near the end-plate of L5/S1 were detected by T1- and T2-weighted imaging, respectively, and an abscess was noted around the cage.	2
Methyldopa was discontinued, but after exhibiting transient clinical improvement, the patient's condition progressively deteriorated until she died of hepatic failure, in spite of therapy with massive doses of corticosteroids and other nonspecific measures.	2
The increasing administration of protocol chemotherapy by practitioners in the community, who may not be especially familiar with the particular agents in a given regimen, suggests such errors may become more common.	2
The purpose of this case report and review is to enhance anesthesiologists' understanding of this phenomenon so that they may better formulate a logical treatment scheme in such an event.	2
There have been anecdotal reports of septal perforation in patients with rhinitis on intranasal corticosteroids but hitherto not in patients with ABPA.	2
The case presented here provides some insight into the potential efficacy of certain herbs for relieving mild-to-moderate poison ivy dermatitis.	2
High-density lipoprotein levels increased in both patients.	2
Our patient presented at the emergency department with an increasing scalp swelling for 2 weeks, and culture of the evacuated fluid yielded Streptococcus pneumoniae.	2
Life-threatening hypokalaemia and quadriparesis in a patient with ureterosigmoidostomy.	2
These findings are related to those reported previously.	2
This new approach may represent improved therapy and prevent the hazards of catheter exchange and systemic antibiotic therapy.	2
Alteration of speech is a rare but distressing complication of orthotopic liver transplantation (OLT).	2
Suspected inappropriate secretion of antidiuretic hormone in a male with mental retardation.	2
Little is known regarding etiologic risk factors, optimal management, and prognosis.	2
With a single 0.2 mg/kg dose of rasburicase, the serum urate level normalized and the infant completed therapy without incident.	2
Two patients with COMT inhibitor-induced hepatic dysfunction and UGT1A9 genetic polymorphism.	2
Eyelid depigmentation following corticosteroid injection for infantile ocular adnexal hemangioma.	2
The reactivity of these antibodies, the regulation of the rodent antigens and the identity of the human autoantigen have been investigated.	2
In contrast, ultrarapid metabolizers with multiple CYP2D6 genes might require high doses of such drugs for optimal therapy.	2
However, this mechanism may fail under certain circumstances, in particular if D2 dopamine antagonism exceeds a certain threshold.	2
Neutropenic enterocolitis should be considered in patients with abdominal symptoms especially during the granulocyte nadir following chemotherapy.	2
The observations made in these three patients may give support to the hypothesis that cholinergic activity has pathogenic significance in depressive syndromes.	2
Efficacy and safety of linezolid in multidrug resistant tuberculosis (MDR-TB)--a report of ten cases.	2
In addition to severe vegetative anticholinergic symptoms, the clinical picture is often dominated by a toxic psychosis with hallucinations, disturbances of orientation, and psychomotoric agitation, aggression, or anxiety.	2
This case report represents the successful usage of LS for weaning from cardiopulmonary bypass circulation after coronary artery bypass surgery.	2
She was found at delivery to have developed oligohydramnion, esophagitis, and a bleeding peptic ulcer.	2
Despite supportive care, the dog's neurologic status deteriorated progressively until parenteral treatment with clindamycin was instituted.	2
RESULTS: Scouting biopsies demonstrated multiple comedones and ruptured epidermoid cysts.	2
Many drugs, especially antibiotics, can produce this untoward effect.	2
The adrenaline concentration in the left femoral vein was twice as high compared to the right femoral vein.	2
Because the AKBR changes in relation to electron transport in liver mitochondria, it seems to be a logical parameter for evaluating the effect of potassium cyanide poisoning on electron transport.	2
Lithium (Eskalith) is commonly used in the treatment of depressive and bipolar affective disorders, in a population at relatively high risk for overdose.	2
Umbilical artery catheterization is often performed in critically ill neonates.	2
A pulmonary artery catheter with the capacity to measure cardiac output and mixed venous oxygen saturation (SvO2) continuously was used.	2
PATIENT: An 8-yr-old with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome with a large organized intraatrial thrombus at the tip of an indwelling central venous catheter placed for total parenteral nutrition 2 months before presentation.	2
Hyponatremic seizures after suprapubic catheter placement in 7-year-old child.	2
Further analysis of these cases suggests that the development of the ectopic ACTH syndrome may reflect changes in cell populations within the tumor and/or alterations in tumor behavior with time and perhaps with the effects of drug therapy.	2
These patients often experience acute intradialytic manifestations while non-pharmacologic interventions as pharmacologic agents are sometimes insufficient to improve symptoms.	2
Documentation of adverse events for safe and commonly used drugs is important.	2
This study provides a review of the medical literature and presents the intralesional injection technique of 0.1% bleomycin into the wart tissue itself.	2
Traditionally, patients with rheumatoid arthritis (RA) have increased risk of nodal and extranodal lymphoid malignancies such as non-Hodgkin's lymphoma (NHL).	2
The management of further bleeding in these patients is difficult.	2
As is known, tamoxifen therapy is related to endometrial proliferation, hyperplasia, polyp formation, invasive carcinoma and uterine sarcoma.	2
We report the first successful desensitization protocol to high-dose MTX.	2
Other causes of liver failure, such as viral hepatitis, autoimmune hepatitis, toxins, and heart failure, were excluded by appropriate diagnostic means.	2
Carbamazepine was discontinued upon admission, and the patient was treated with oral lactulose.	2
He developed a low grade fever, cough and nasal discharge, and was given a compound "cold" remedy with anticholenergic properties.	2
We describe a continuous infusion regional analgesic technique for pain due to sternal fracture.	2
Use of St.	2
Cultures from the site of corneal abscess and vitreous grew coagulase-negative Staphylococcus.	2
If suspected, prompt medical assessment should be arranged, including serum glucose and cortisol measurement.	2
Herbal product use in a patient with polypharmacy.	2
We present a case of an abscess in this site which was a complication of chemotherapy and was the result of haematogenous spread.	2
We report here three patients with hematologic malignancies and one patient with metastatic carcinoma with chemotherapy-induced leukoencephalopathy.	2
In both cases, the psychiatric disorder was safely resolved with electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) during anticoagulant therapy.	2
We conclude that metamizole use is common and may be underrecognized in immigrant Latino patients.	2
The nephrotic syndrome responded again to withdrawal of lithium and institution of steroid therapy.	2
The patient's serum ammonia level returned to normal by hospital day 4, and he was discharged to his group home.	2
The hematomas resolved in the other patient, who delivered at term.	2
It appears that the leukoencephalopathy of the present case developed on the more complicated etiopathogenesis.	2
CONCLUSION: A scleral abscess should be suspected in a patient with endophthalmitis or microbial keratitis or both after a scleral-tunnel incision for cataract surgery.	2
Diazepam abuse in pregnant women on methadone maintenance.	2
He was transfused with 3 units of packed red blood cells.	2
Three-quarters of the acute cases recovered with full occupation capacity.	2
This child with acute lymphoblastic leukemia underwent a period of severe refractory lactic acidosis (pH between 6.81 and 7.00 and a serum lactate level up to 38 mmol/liter) leading to cardiac arrest.	2
However, he experienced a subsequent recurrence of the eruption on inadvertent rechallenge.	2
Diffuse cutaneous leishmaniasis associated with the immune reconstitution inflammatory syndrome.	2
Diagnosis of transfusion-associated graft-versus-host disease by polymerase chain reaction in fludarabine-treated B-chronic lymphocytic leukaemia.	2
Genotyping of CYP2B6 and therapeutic drug monitoring in an HIV-infected patient with high efavirenz plasma concentrations and severe CNS side-effects.	2
In all patients, the administration of cisplatin instead of carboplatin was well tolerated without the need of premedication.	2
Paralysis after transforaminal epidural injection and previous spinal surgery.	2
The ACE inhibitors can cause various skin side effects; however, it rarely causes cutaneous vasculitis.	2
Six weeks after admission, abscess material was grown on Mycoplasma culture medium yielding U. urealyticum in high titres.	2
Venlafaxine blocks the specific monoamine transporters and is devoid of significant action on muscarinic cholinergic receptors.	2
Its duration of action is brief and serious adverse effects have not been reported.	2
In addition, cultures of specimens obtained at autopsy did not reveal a cause for the heart failure.	2
Fatal cold medication intoxication in an infant.	2
The cause of the intracranial disease was attributable to the retrograde cerebral venous congestion.	2
Intra-articular glucocorticoid injection: an unusual cause of transient hypophosphataemia.	2
Diabetes mellitus type 1 in five military aviators: flying with insulin.	2
The other patient required a further course of treatment with lithium and the nephrotic syndrome returned.	2
Both patients developed a severe, sustained hypothyroidism requiring thyroxine treatment for one year or more after stopping alpha interferon.	2
After cessation of chemotherapy, the pulmonary lesions resolved and all three patients sustained their remissions.	2
Toxicity occurred more frequently in those who received IM, and therefore high-dose, reserpine.	2
This entity should be added to the group of conditions, both infectious and noninfectious, that cause diffuse pulmonary uptake on labeled leukocyte images.	2
Increasing warfarin dosage reductions associated with concurrent warfarin and repeated cycles of 5-Fluorouracil therapy.	2
It appears that this secondary malignancy was due to his prolonged chemotherapy.	2
When high dose leucovorin was not used, residual neurological damage is not unusual.	2
Linear IgA bullous dermatosis responsive to a gluten-free diet.	2
Magnification revealed that these were scolices within cysticerci.	2
However, complications due to renal tubular acidosis (RTA) have recently been reported.	2
The greater activity of steroid-treated individuals may place their dystrophin-deficient muscles under greater mechanical stress, predisposing to further muscle fibre damage and consequent myoglobinuria.	2
After 14 months of follow-up, the patient is well and free of disease.	2
In one case, the patient was successfully treated by orthotopic cardiac transplantation.	2
Therefore, wide spectrum antibiotics were continued.	2
It is the first reported case of TMA being cured with treatment of CMV.	2
BACKGROUND: Hydroxychloroquine (HCQ) is used for treatment of lupus erythematosus.	2
An autopsy case without intrathecal chemotherapy or irradiation of the brain.	2
A 34-year-old man presented 4 months after renal transplantation with a 1-week history of epigastric pain that decreased in supine position, increased while sitting, and further increased when standing or walking.	2
Further studies are warranted into the pathogenesis of this unique phenomenon.	2
This case study highlights the strategy of appropriate and timely surgical management.	2
In addition, cardiac adverse effects usually develop after at least 6 days of therapy.	2
Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) showed lesions suggestive of PRES.	2
Although HCV-RNA reappeared in the serum at 3 months, the patient had continued ALT normalization and histological improvement with follow-up of over 26 months to date after the initiation of the combination therapy.	2
AIM: The aim of this article is to present the clinical characteristics and management of an oral adverse effect stemming from the use of the antiretroviral medication Nevirapine (NVP).	2
The uveitis is almost always interior, begins unilaterally and progresses to involve both eyes.	2
Epidural steroid injection resulting in epidural hematoma in a patient despite strict adherence to anticoagulation guidelines.	2
Myoglobinuria is a recognised complication of Duchenne muscular dystrophy (DMD), but has only once been reported in ambulant boys on corticosteroid therapy [Dubowitz V, Kinali M, Main M, Mercuri E, Muntoni F.	2
Treatment of anticholinergic-induced ileus with neostigmine.	2
BACKGROUND: Cytomegalovirus (CMV) infection is a common cause of morbidity and mortality among patients receiving chronic maintenance immunosuppression and is often considered the most important infection in renal transplantation.	2
Although the relationship between antipsychotic medication, particularly second-generation antipsychotics (SGAs), and metabolic disturbance is increasingly accepted, there is an important, but little recognised, potential interaction between this and the other important serious adverse effect of neuroleptic malignant syndrome (NMS).	2
The former had a slowly progressive course, did not respond to amphotericin B (AB), and died; the latter improved after a prolonged course of liposomal-AB.	2
There were no differences in reported nausea between SC and TSC groups, but nausea was more common in the SC group than in those without TSCs.	2
Because of the presence of severe ascites and massive ovarian enlargement, it was elected to treat this patient with methotrexate therapy rather than surgery.	2
Laboratory data showed hypernatremia with increased plasma osmolality and metabolic hyperchloremic acidosis.	2
A pale ginger cat was treated with clofazimine for feline leprosy.	2
This is a report of a 9-year-old epileptic boy, who was studied over a period of 7 years.	2
We studied 13 healthy volunteer subjects, performing three hepatobiliary scans in each one.	2
Pamidronate treatment of hypercalcemia caused by vitamin D toxicity.	2
Following these basic sinus cycles, alternating rhythm started with the longer P-P interval.	2
Alteration in carbohydrate metabolism, such as transient glucose intolerance at the start of therapy in non-diabetic acromegalic patients, and increased sensitivity to insulin or oral hypoglycemic agents in diabetic acromegalic patients, is common.	2
Regression of invasive conjunctival squamous carcinoma in an HIV-positive patient on antiretroviral therapy.	2
Blocking cytotoxic T lymphocyte-associated antigen-4 (CTLA-4) has recently been proposed as a strategy to enhance cell-mediated immune responses to cancer, and clinical trials have demonstrated that anti-CTLA-4 therapy can produce durable outcomes with different response patterns than cytotoxic chemotherapy.	2
Two of our patients developed septic shock and deteriorated whereas one patient improved and recovered completely.	2
Neostigmine appears to be useful in reversing ileus caused by anticholinergic drug overdose.	2
BACKGROUND: Aggressive skin cancers on the cheeks may involve the parotid duct.	2
Serum glutathione levels were assessed in a patient with genetically proven Unverricht-Lundborg disease (ULD) before and during treatment with the antioxidant N-acetylcysteine (NAC).	2
She had received subcutaneous heparin as prophylaxis for deep vein thrombosis during a 5-day hospitalization for postpartum cardiomyopathy.	2
With the use of the newer antidepressants beyond the traditional tricyclics and monoamine oxidase inhibitors, newer options in headache prophylaxis are provided as well as the potential for undesirable and even potentially life-threatening interactions between medications.	2
The subsequent reabsorption of free water from the fluid collection, with the contribution of postoperative hypotonic intravenous fluid administration and possible transient inappropriate antidiuretic hormone (ADH) secretion resulted in acute dilutional hyponatremia and consequent seizures.	2
We can speculate that the overexpression of VEGF induced by local ischemia and inflammation can make these patients more likely to have CNV.	2
RESULTS: Disconnection or damage of the catheter leading to leakage of baclofen into the lumbar swelling could be ruled out by the use of an indium (111) DTPA flow study.	2
During a period of 4 years, the boy was examined six times with electroretinography.	2
Known side-effects of salbutamol are described.	2
There are, however, well-known systemic side effects that may preclude continuation with these immunosuppressive therapies, and small trials of the anti-metabolite mycophenolate mofetil have been reported.	2
We report on a patient with a high grade B-cell lymphoma who presented 28 days after the second autologous stem cell transplantation with weight gain, ascites, hyperbilirubinemia, and liver venules occlusion as demonstrated by sonography.	2
Hypercoagulopathy induced by chemotherapy in a patient with lung cancer.	2
Chromoblastomycosis, or chromomycosis, is a chronic fungal infection of the skin and subcutaneous tissues caused by a species of dematiaceous fungi.	2
The authors describe a case of acute coronary vasospasm in a young patient undergoing thoracic laminectomy with biopsy of intramedullary tumor.	2
Specific inhibitors of 5-HT reuptake are reported to have lower proconvulsive activity than other antidepressants.	2
Staphylococcus species, Streptococcus species, and less commonly, gram-negative rods comprise the majority of isolated organisms.	2
MDS was diagnosed 8.4 months after beginning TMZ.	2
Combination cytotoxic chemotherapy was used to treat a case of acute myeloid leukaemia presenting in the 25th week of pregnancy with a sustained complete remission of the leukaemia and the successful delivery of a normal infant.	2
Overall, the features are protean and may masquerade many other forms of toxaemias.	2
Each patient was taking more than 200 mg of oral morphine equivalents per day, and several were receiving complex analgesic regimens consisting of multiple adjuvant medications.	2
ABMT may later have triggered opportunistic infections in this patient.	2
The cause of the death was Myelodysplastic syndrome.	2
In patients with GI GVHD clinicians need to be aware of the potential for oral absorption and, in select cases, monitoring of levels may be appropriate.	2
A patient experienced an organic affective psychosis on three separate occasions after taking recommended doses of non-prescription cold/sinus preparations.	2
The clinical and electrophysiological features of the case are discussed.	2
Stent-grafts were constructed from Z stents covered with polyester fabric and were delivered remotely through a catheter under fluoroscopic guidance.	2
In contrast, newer North American guidelines have focused on the severity of illness of community-acquired pneumonia.	2
Despite of the administration of intensive therapies, she died of disseminated intravascular coagulation (DIC) and septic shock due to bone marrow depression 6 days after admission.	2
In all patients, oral prednisolone (PSL) alternative day therapy was attempted and three patients responded very well (complete remission 2, partial remission 1).	2
The IM route of administration was associated with higher mean daily doses (1.28 +/- 0.14 mg/day) than was oral administration (0.37 +/- 0.02 mg/day).	2
Verapamil may thus improve an inadequate vasodilatatory response of the coronary vascular bed to effort.	2
DISCUSSION: Back pain, with or without opioid dependence, is commonly encountered in general practice.	2
Such atypical cases may support either a spectrum concept of NMS or the theory that NMS secondary to atypical antipsychotics differs from that caused by conventional neuroleptics.	2
A patient with recessive generalized congenital myotonia and severe, disabling weakness underwent various forms of treatment while being monitored electrophysiologically.	2
OBJECTIVES: A 56-year-old man developed an erythematous, circle-shaped lesion on his penis.	2
Coronary angiogram showed a severe stenosis in the proximal segment of the LMCA; we performed stenting with a paclitaxel-eluting stent (PES).	2
On investigation no new change was noticed than previous evaluation.	2
Reports of this phenomenon in animals are reviewed.	2
The symptoms are mainly caused by the space-occupying effect of the large number of cysticerci rather than by adjacent tissue swelling such as is seen in the presence of dying parasites.	2
Successful treatment of poison oak dermatitis treated with Grindelia spp. (Gumweed).	2
Hepatic adenomas are rare tumors; they have been associated with the use of anabolic steroids.	2
The cases described suggest the need for caution when considering tricyclic pharmacotherapy in juveniles with severe depressive disease.	2
We conclude that intoxication with lacosamide, in combination with overdoses of multiple AEDs, can be survived without sequelae, even after ingestion of 12 g lacosamide.	2
Priapism associated with thrombophilia is a well-recognized entity.	2
No adverse effects were observed.	2
Risks regarding disseminated intravascular coagulation and bleeding were presented to the parents.	2
To our knowledge, hyperpigmentation of the skin--and especially of the tongue--has not been reported so far.	2
This case illustrates the clinical benefit of thrombolytic therapy in the setting of acute stroke associated with cardiac catheterization.	2
Pure red cell aplasia (PRCA) is a rare complication after ABO-incompatible allogeneic stem cell transplantation, but its mechanism is still unknown.	2
METHODS: We evaluated all neonates who received prostaglandin E1 in our hospital between October 1, 1989, and September 30, 1991, for clinical, radiologic, or pathological evidence of acute gastric-outlet obstruction.	2
Between July 1991 and December 1994 at Tsukuba Gakuen Hospital, we treated 19 consecutive men with advanced adenocarcinoma of the prostate (five at stage C, four at stage D1 and 10 at stage D2).	2
PURPOSE: To report a case of Xanthomonas maltophilia endophthalmitis and to increase awareness of its potential as an intraocular pathogen.	2
We describe a 50-year-old woman with rheumatoid arthritis in whom a severe postinjection vasomotor reaction was associated with a cerebral vascular accident.	2
PFGE for typing of C. dubliniensis was developed and the necessity of long-term antifungal therapy is discussed.	2
The authors documented maternal intake of diazepam in the range of 40-60 mg/day for a duration of 4-27 weeks prior to delivery.	2
The long P-P intervals ranged between 1.04-1.12 s and the short P-P intervals between 0.80-0.84 s, respectively.	2
To the best of our knowledge there have been no previous reports of AGEP induced by the ingestion of nimesulide in the medical literature.	2
The patient was treated by chemotherapy only, without surgery, which seems to be most appropriate for the early stages of this disease.	2
In one case the recognition of anterior vitreous face contact to the cornea was delayed by the severity of the corneal edema.	2
Despite severe thyrotoxicosis, combined IFN-alpha and ribavirin therapy was continued and radioiodine treatment was considered for Graves' disease.	2
Immunoglobulin G subclass 2 and 3 deficiencies were the only serologically detectable abnormalities.	2
Quetiapine (Seroquel) is an atypical antipsychotic drug belonging to a new chemical class, the benzothiazepine derivatives.	2
Over a 5-year period, we observed three patients with a 3-15-year history of migraine, who received sumatriptan for acute headache.	2
A 64-year-old woman with blepharospasm, sustained clenching of the jaw, antecollis, and a strained, high-pitched phonation continued chronic trihexyphenidyl therapy despite the lack of any obvious benefit.	2
While ethambutol treatment is most commonly instituted for pulmonary tuberculosis, it is interesting to note that both of these patients had renal tuberculosis.	2
Patient responded dramatically to Stellate ganglion block and returned to work within two weeks time.	2
She was diagnosed with porphyria after the fifth hospitalization.	2
Additionally, her clinical course was complicated with adenovirus-associated haemorrhagic cystitis and viraemia.	2
Negligible reactivity was observed with microsomes from human B-lymphoblastoid cell lines expressing CYP1A1, 1A2, 2A6, 2D6, 2E1, 3A4 or epoxide hydrolase.	2
Spontaneous improvement of tardive dystonia during mania.	2
We report the clinical and pathological findings of an unusual invasive fungal infection in a 13-year-old girl with T-NHL.	2
Pharmacotherapy with tricyclic antidepressants, anticonvulsants, tramadol and traditional analgesics had failed, primarily due to adverse drug effects, particularly sedation, dizziness and nausea.	2
Data of drug monitoring demonstrated rapid metabolism and/or distribution of KW-2149 with a short half-life and the emergence of the cytotoxic metabolites M-16 and M-18.	2
Reversal reactions are caused immunologically by enhanced cell-mediated (Th-1) immunity to Mycobacterium leprae, resulting in inflammation of infected tissues, such as skin and nerves.	2
This regimen led to a significant and long-lasting reduction of proteinuria.	2
They have lipid levels drawn annually and are seen by both an endocrinologist and a flight surgeon for general medical examinations.	2
A 61-year-old patient who had been treated with lisinopril in the past without any problems was commenced on ramipril for left ventricular dysfunction.	2
The KS cases associated with glomerulonephritis are also reviewed.	2
The relative etiologic significance of the stress of status asthmaticus, administration of theophylline, or corticosteroids is open to question.	2
However, we report the case of an 88-year-old woman who was treated for prosthetic joint infection and methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus bacteremia with vancomycin followed by linezolid therapy.	2
The entire bezoar could be removed endoscopically.	2
In that case, as well as the one reported here, hepatitis symptoms occurred after completion of long-term treatment in patients who were asymptomatic both before and during therapy.	2
Microscopic examination of random colonic biopsies by two consecutive sigmoidoscopies revealed angulated crystals with a characteristic crystalline mosaic pattern on the ulcerated mucosa, which were consistent with Kayexalate crystals.	2
Four patients experienced persistent portal hypertension, which resulted in death in one.	2
Serial hemograms were characterized by persistent thrombocytosis (platelet count, 577,000 to 1,200,000/microl) with abnormal platelet morphology.	2
The interaction of these factors are analyzed in this report.	2
Following steroid withdrawal and institution of gammaglobulin, the patient grew 6 inches within 2 years, regaining his vision, retrieving his stature, and normalizing his psychosocial development.	2
Intravenous pulse corticosteroid therapy was given for three days.	2
RATIONALE: The atypical antipsychotic clozapine is effective in the treatment of patients with refractory schizophrenia.	2
Avascular necrosis of bone: the hidden risk of glucocorticoids used as antiemetics in cancer chemotherapy.	2
Vigabatrin (VGB) is an important treatment option for infantile spasms.	2
Forty-five days after therapy, the patient returned with a severe necrotizing uveitis in the posterior pole and vitritis.	2
The drug may also accumulate irreversibly on the posterior surface of the cornea and on the anterior surface of the lens.	2
Immediately after application of 80 mg pyridoxine fits stopped and the EEG was without seizure activity.	2
CONCLUSION: An indium (111) DTPA flow study is a non-invasive, safe and patient friendly diagnostic method which can be of great help in the evaluation of pump- or catheter-related complications and does not need to interfere with the delivery of CITB.	2
The twelve-lead ECG exhibited a coved type ST-segment elevation in leads V(1) and V(2), and their enhancement was induced by pilsicainide.	2
Primary thrombocytosis and secondary causes were excluded.	2
Liver biopsy showed chronic aggressive hepatitis with subacute hepatic necrosis.	2
This syndrome is potentially life-threatening: the 5 untreated patients died, whereas 5 patients given immunosuppressive therapy are alive.	2
Cytogenetic studies of the bone marrow performed after the development of acute leukemia showed chromosome abnormalities in all five patients examined, with hypodiploidy and loss of B and C group chromosomes.	2
Initially, she responded well to corticosteroids, but relapsed when medication was discontinued.	2
On the 7th day, these values reached a maximum, i.e. 95 and 160% of the control, respectively.	2
Immediate diagnosis and treatment of the perforated appendicitis saved the life of the patient.	2
He had previously received both local tumor bed and craniospinal radiation therapy together with intensive myeloablative alkylator chemotherapy before autologous stem cell rescue.	2
Development of pemphigus herpetiformis in a patient with psoriasis receiving UV-light treatment.	2
Examination revealed a very ill looking pale patient with abdominal distension, tenderness and rectal bleeding and easy bruisability.	2
The third patient had dyspnea on exertion, unchanged over two months.	2
He was asymptomatic at presentation and physical examination was unremarkable.	2
Fluid volume expands with a resultant hyponatremia which, depending on the degree, may be asymptomatic or result in death.	2
Hypothyroid goiter is a rare but well recognized complication following long term administration of iodine containing expectorants and disinfectants in children.	2
Mycobacterium tuberculosis was isolated in a culture of peritoneal fluid, and the patient responded promptly to antituberculous therapy.	2
Five days of treatment with ketoconazole alone was ineffective in our patient's infection.	2
Aquagenic syringeal acrokeratoderma.	2
Using repeated computed tomographic and magnetic resonance imaging scans, we examined 8 patients with acute lymphocytic leukemia during remission induction therapy between 1988 and 1989.	2
Adverse reactions to systemic corticosteroids rarely occur and the etiology is unclear in most cases.	2
We describe a drug-drug interaction between itraconazole and efavirenz in a patient with disseminated histoplasmosis and acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS).	2
Histiocytic lymphoma of the ileocecal region after chemotherapy for multiple myeloma.	2
The acronym SILENT (Syndrome of Irreversible Lithium-Effectuated Neurotoxicity) has been coined recently to denote these sequelae.	2
During monitoring, visual hallucinations did not correlate with EEG readings, nor did video recording capture any of the described events.	2
A 64-year-old male with recurrent metastatic squamous cell carcinoma was successfully treated with intensive combination chemotherapy.	2
The patient's score on the Naranjo adverse drug reaction probability scale indicated that the relationship between this adverse reaction and heparin was probable.	2
This is the first report of evaluating the urinary 6beta-hydroxycortisol/cortisol ratio in a case of porphyria.	2
Persistent ileus was treated with repeated doses of neostigmine, and gastrointestinal motility returned with prompt defecation.	2
We reviewed medical records to identify preoperative, operative, and postoperative similarities and differences in care.	2
With protein loss in the dialysate and a decreased serum albumin level, the patient developed ankle edema.	2
Bilateral subthalamic nucleus stimulation results in reversal of alopecia in Parkinson's disease.	2
A case of stage 4 neuroblastoma that developed excessive hypertension on day 120 of chemotherapy is presented.	2
Within twelve hours, his clinical state was stabilized.	2
Urine collections and serum samples yielded normal levels of uro- and coproporphyrins.	2
Continuing studies are required, particularly to clarify the possibility of long-term developmental defects.	2
We describe 4 patients with Graves disease who had abnormal increases of serum creatine kinase (CK) concentrations during treatment with antithyroid medications.	2
We report a case of a 35-year old female who developed new onset type II diabetes mellitus with hyperosmolar hyperglycaemic coma and acute renal failure following treatment with a SGA for a first manic episode.	2
This is a report concerning a patient in whom a continuous infusion of dexmedetomidine was safely used for a week to help in averting frank withdrawal symptoms from an opioid and benzodiazepines.	2
The problem of lindane.	2
Collected cases are reviewed from the literature, and the common features are summarized.	2
From the literature, 72 references were reviewed.	2
Abrupt, fatal intravascular hemolysis occurred after the third course.	2
Both patients manifested other symptoms consistent with parkinsonian syndrome.	2
Mental status, vital signs, and all laboratory parameters including thyroid function tests, normalized.	2
The current case should alert clinicians to investigate pulmonary GVHD as a potential cause of postoperative dyspnea in liver transplant recipients.	2
After prostate irradiation, many patients experience a transient rise in serum PSA levels and a subsequent decline without any treatment.	2
In nine cases of botulism B infection due to food poisoning acute onset of accommodation paresis, mydriasis, and dry-eye symptoms were the prominent clinical findings.	2
She presented the same symptoms after oral intake of metamizole.	2
Ritonavir can induce glucuronidation of several medications including ethinyl estradiol, levothyroxine, and lamotrigine.	2
The patient developed a raised purple area of discoloration around the intravenous insertion site within 2 h and edema and vesiculobullous lesions of the distal forearm, hands, and fingers within 8 h.	2
On the 4th day, the pattern of VWFMs was completely normalized and appeared to persist until the 10th day.	2
Ramipril was stopped and he required a course of steroids after which the rash improved slowly.	2
Disseminated Nocardia infection has a high mortality and morbidity rate in solid organ transplant recipients, even when appropriate antibiotics are given.	2
A 78-year-old man with a long history of major depression responded well to a course of ECT but relapsed before maintenance treatments could be started.	2
The follow-up images showed complete occlusion of the pseudoaneurysm after the thrombin injection.	2
Thyroid function should be assessed before and during alpha interferon therapy in patients with chronic hepatitis C.	2
There were no complications of persistent bacteremia despite placement of the stent-graft device at the site of primary infection, reinfection, delayed rupture, paraplegia, distal emboli, or surgical conversion.	2
Clinical consequences are discussed and disturbances of the blood brain barrier system as a speculative cause are hypothesized taking previous studies, animal studies and an additional reported clinical case into account.	2
The infusion was terminated and his symptoms abated.	2
This suggests that trial chlormadinone acetate withdrawal in patients showing increasing levels of PSA during combined androgen blockade should be considered before initiation of alternative treatment.	2
Although a continuous intravenous infusion of dobutamine was maintained, therapy with oral terbutaline 2.5 mg every 6 hours was initiated.	2
CONCLUSIONS: This case illuminates a possible role of UV therapy in the induction of pemphigus herpetiformis through an epitope-spreading mechanism.	2
An adult female with developmental disability was prescribed chlorpromazine for the target behaviors of aggression and self-injurious behavior (SIB), and she was prescribed phenobarbital for seizures.	2
Hymenoptera sting can lead to an acute myocardial infarction by different pathogenetic mechanisms depending on the presence of preexistent coronary atherosclerosis, the development of shock or the therapeutic use of epinephrine.	2
These were caused by simultaneous administration of vitamin K antagonists and anti-inflammatory drugs.	2
Serial electrocardiograms revealed a minimally and asymptomatically prolonged QT interval.	2
Liver function continued to deteriorate, and the patient underwent liver transplantation 17 days after admission.	2
In addition to improving insulin sensitivity, they generally result in a modest elevation of plasma HDL cholesterol.	2
Role of ciclosporin in steroid-responsive sudden sensorineural hearing loss.	2
Delayed severe multivessel spasm and aborted sudden death after Taxus stent implantation.	2
OBJECTIVE: This article discusses the management of an insulin dependent diabetic man aged 52 years presenting with 17 torso basal cell carcinomas (BCCs); mostly superficial BCCs (SBCCs).	2
MANAGEMENT: Discontinuation of temozolomide, discontinuation of radiotherapy, antibiotic treatment with amoxicillin and gentamicin, and administration of atovaquone and pentamidine.	2
Avascular necrosis of bone is a recognised complication of glucocorticoid treatment--the risk of this increasing with higher doses and longer duration of use.	2
His oral medications included topiramate, carbamazepine, olanzapine, quetiapine, guanfacine, and desmopressin acetate.	2
A 6-month-old girl was treated with FK506 after undergoing living donor liver transplantation for fulminant hepatitis.	2
Chemoradiation therapy: effect on dental development.	2
True thymic hyperplasia is rare in adults.	2
This unprecedented phenomenon may be due to antiretroviral therapy.	2
Most cases are associated with phenylpropanolamine use.	2
Four case reports and a critical commentary on the use of vitamin D in these disorders.	2
His VPA concentration at admission was 238 micromol/L, a 48% decrease.	2
Subsequent use of pamidronate was associated with milder inflammation in the same eye that eventually resolved with continued monthly infusions, indicating the possibility of immunologic tolerance.	2
Another enzyme catalyzing the metabolism of antidepressants is the polymorphic S-mephenytoin hydroxylase.	2
Severe psoriasis is commonly associated with depression and may be its cause.	2
We carried out a retrospective study of changes in the serological markers of HBV in this patient.	2
An immediate cholestatic liver reaction was also provoked by drug rechallenge, with spontaneous amelioration of signs and symptoms after drug discontinuation.	2
It may become manifest as perilesional linear, depigmented, atrophic streaks, which are usually most prominent in patients with dark-colored skin.	2
CASE SUMMARY: A 50-year-old white woman with a history of advanced breast cancer refractory to other treatment modalities was receiving vinorelbine.	2
At a 1-year follow-up examination, the colonic stenosis was found have worsened; pneumaturia developed in January 2001.	2
PCR analysis showed CMV-DNA in the failed graft.	2
The leukemia developed from 21 to 58 months (median 50 months) after the institution of chemotherapy.	2
Volatiles were assayed by gas chromatography-flame-ionization detection.	2
Distraction and relaxation training in the treatment of anticipatory vomiting: a single subject intervention.	2
BACKGROUND: Primary cutaneous B-cell lymphoma (CBCL) is characterized by restriction to the skin, a high incidence of recurrence after various treatment modalities, and a variable but mostly favorable prognosis.	2
Chest drainage was required to save his life.	2
Thrombocytopenia is one of the common manifestations of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE).	2
All patients had biopsy findings or cultural evidence of the progression of their fungal infection while being treated with conventional amphotericin B.	2
Although cytarabine exhibits pronounced in vitro virucidal activity against herpes viruses and has been successfully used in clinical treatment of severe herpesvirus infections, the present findings and a review of the recent literature cast doubt on the antiviral effectiveness of this drug, particularly in already immunosuppressed patients, and suggest instead that such patients actually have an increased risk for development of disseminated herpesvirus infection owing to further depression of host defenses by the drug.	2
The fourth was a 49-year-old female patient who was treated with multiple chemotherapeutics for Stage II breast carcinoma and subsequently developed visual acuity and field defects.	2
This case is particularly important as the condition will become more and more prevalent and therefore it is imperative that GDPs in primary care are aware of it.	2
CONCLUSIONS: We believe this case to be the first report of this type of reaction owing to tadalafil.	2
Vanishing bile duct syndrome (VBDS) is a rare cause of progressive cholestasis.	2
Copaxone suppresses the production of tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha, a key mediator of inflammation in MS as well as in other pathologies, such as colitis of interstitial bowel disease (IBD).	2
RT can result in a multitude of adverse effects, both reversible and irreversible.	2
However, this reversible, probably drug-induced case of hypogammaglobulinaemia highlights the need for immunoglobulin measurements when immunodeficiency is suspected in lupus patients.	2
To date, with a total of 1,103 patient-months of follow-up study, seven episodes of small intestinal obstruction have developed of which two were definitely and five possibly related to chemotherapy induced adhesion formation.	2
Clinicians and patients should be made aware of this possible complication of topical bimatoprost therapy.	2
However, little has been reported about conditions surrounding the change in QT interval after the steady state is achieved that may have implications in the safety and efficacy of the drug.	2
Terbutaline, therefore, may represent a useful alternative for chronotropic support in the setting of heart transplantation.	2
Small-bowel obstruction during enzymatic treatment of gastric bezoar.	2
All drugs were stopped, and the patient was transferred to another hospital for liver transplantation.	2
The refractive state of lesion eye was -5.5D/-1.25D x 180 degrees, and visual acuity was hand motion at 30 cm.	2
A 77-year-old woman was urgently admitted for the treatment of diabetic ketoacidosis and a duodenal ulcer hemorrhage in March 1999.	2
Infections with multi-resistant organisms such as methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus in ventricular assist device recipients are often difficult to treat and present a high mortality rate.	2
One case with proved amyloidosis and the second patient with ascites.	2
To avoid that toxicity, a new weekly schedule has been adopted in several Phase II studies.	2
The patient died approximately 6 months later of persistent and progressive retinoblastoma without any clinical evidence of lymphoma.	2
The second case occurred in a patient who developed renal failure while on daily therapy in the hospital.	2
Herbal products have been associated with a wide spectrum of hepatic toxicities.	2
Sequential therapeutic trials with intraarterial 5-fluorouracil, intraarterial adriamycin, and intravenous 1,3 bis[2-chloroethyl]-1-nitrosourea (BCNU) were unsuccesful.	2
Serious underlying medical illness, recent antibiotic therapy, indwelling intravascular and/or Foley catheters, coincident candidiasis and low birth weight prematurity are major risk factors for candida shunt infection.	2
If troglitazone is used, frequent monitoring of serum aminotransferases and symptoms is mandatory.	2
In each instance, the plasma thrombosis-inducing activity (TIA) appeared one to three days after chemotherapy and subsided subsequently.	2
The condition improved slowly after stopping medication and systemic steroids.	2
Moreover, the perforation occurred despite using a minimum concentration of the drug, risk factors were absent, and the surgery was performed by an experienced surgeon.	2
The physiology and pharmacology of erection are reviewed, and pharmacologic treatment options and surgical treatments are reviewed.	2
Oral effects of steroid therapy in a patient with systemic lupus erythematosus: report of case.	2
Use of baclofen in the treatment of esophageal stent-related hiccups.	2
Active vitamin B12 contains cobalt in its reduced form (Co+).	2
All four patients had been taking high doses of niacin (3.0-4.5 g daily) before the onset of symptoms.	2
The possible relationship with prior and present antiretroviral treatment, and with the most recent literature evidences published in both adults and children with HIV disease are discussed, in order to focus these emerging adverse effects of long-term antiretroviral therapy in the paediatric population, and stimulate further investigation in this field.	2
Taxanes are widely used chemotherapeutic agents with the potential to induce pulmonary injury through a variety of mechanisms.	2
Retinal artery embolization during carotid angioplasty and carotid artery stenting: case report.	2
Prehospital diagnosis of massive ethylene glycol poisoning and use of an early antidote.	2
However, peripheral and cerebral embolism occurred.	2
In this paper, the authors report 3 cases of children under three years of age, with a presumed diagnosis of PNET/MB, who were preoperatively treated with chemotherapy consisting of high doses of carboplatin alone.	2
A patient presented with lactic acidosis and severe acidemia; sodium bicarbonate was administered to titrate the very large hydrogen ion load.	2
Pharmacogenetics of antidepressants: clinical aspects.	2
It can also be used to treat hematuria through its action on decreasing urinary fibrinolysis.	2
In addition, patients should be closely monitored for a possible delayed interaction that may occur with each repeated cycle of 5-fluorouracil chemotherapy.	2
Following prompt recognition and diagnosis, intravenous thrombolytic therapy was administered 2 hours after symptom onset.	2
Animal studies suggest central D2-type dopamine receptor stimulation and oxytocin release from the paraventricular nucleus of the hypothalamus mediate the effect.	2
There was no correlation between onset of symptoms and CyA levels.	2
An associated transient pancreatic dysfunction was also noted.	2
A hemagglutinin mutation (198 Thr-->Ile) reduced the virus affinity for receptors found on susceptible human cells.	2
Chemotherapy-induced toxic leukoencephalopathy causes a wide range of symptoms: a series of four autopsies.	2
The adverse pulmonary effects of erlotinib are less well known.	2
An allergic reaction to a drug's additive material should be considered as a rare cause of drug-induced acute eosinophilic pneumonia.	2
Computed tomography re-evaluation demonstrated a new liver lesion.	2
Re-administration of a combination of chemotherapy + Gemtuzumab at relapse in CD33+ AML patient allows to second remission and is feasible without extra toxicity.	2
Newborn infants are most vulnerable to the development of thrombosis because of the developing neonatal hemostatic system, perinatal risk factors and different types of medical conditions.	2
In one patient, karyotypic abnormalities (-5, 7q-) typical of a therapy induced malignancy were associated with rapid progression of a refractory anemia with excess blasts in transformation to an acute non-lymphocytic leukemia.	2
Lichen nitidus is an uncommon dermatosis of unknown etiology.	2
A study of the intra-cellular cytokines in blood lymphocytes showed a production of IL4 from CD4+ lymphocytes after stimulation by gelatine.	2
Cyclosporine was discontinued, and plasmapheresis was started.	2
An epidural catheter was positioned periosteally, and an infusion of bupivacaine was commenced at 5 mL/h, achieving long-lasting analgesia.	2
We present clinical data, neuropsychological findings, and results of brain computed tomography or magnetic resonance imaging, electroneuromyography, evoked potentials, single photon emission computed tomography, and positron-emission tomography.	2
One must be cautious in extrapolating from a case report, but these findings strongly suggest a direct effect of carbamazepine on spermatic function.	2
A 30-year-old woman died as a result of a large Candida parapsilosis septic thrombus located on the tip of a Groshong catheter.	2
Functional neuroendocrine tumors are often low-grade malignant neoplasms that can be cured by surgery if detected early, and such detection may in turn be accelerated by the recognition of neuropeptide hypersecretion syndromes.	2
The keywords utilized were prostaglandin analogs, prostaglandins, prostamide, glaucoma, ocular hypertension, intraocular pressure, side effects, adverse effects, bimatoprost, latanoprost, lumigan, and xalatan.	2
In fact, to our knowledge only 37 cases, including this one, have been documented.	2
New therapies for MDR-TB have not been introduced since the fluoroquinolones in the 1970s.	2
Conventional angiography and magnetic resonance angiography showed transient stenosis of the left vertebral artery.	2
These case reports highlight the potential for anti-CTLA-4-based therapy in previously treated patients with advanced melanoma.	2
Its major side effect of anaemia limits its use in some patients.	2
Urgent surgical decompression was performed, showing an epidural hematoma.	2
Poisoning with potassium cyanide is usually fatal because of the inhibition of cytochrome oxidase.	2
Postoperatively, he was started on sulindac (Clinoril) 100 mg twice a day.	2
The baby had an excellent recovery and was discharged home after a prolonged antibiotic course.	2
RESULTS: Differences between the plaintiff's and defendant's experts' opinions are presented by utilizing the COAT literature.	2
Symptomatic air trapped in the spine after lumbar epidural corticosteroid injection.	2
Cultures became negative 10-37 days after the introduction of the drug.	2
Pulmonary embolism associated with protein C deficiency and abuse of anabolic-androgen steroids.	2
This is the first case report of a Mycobacterium thermoresistibile infection following augmentation mammaplasty and is the fourth human case report of M. thermoresistibile infection.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Sympathomimetics have long been associated with intracerebral hemorrhage.	2
The process healed after surgical treatment and chemotherapy for 1 year.	2
Thrombosis of central venous access catheters was demonstrated in two neonates born at 38 and 27 weeks' gestation.	2
Although the development of posterior subcapsular cataracts is a known complication of systemic steroid therapy, it usually occurs after several years of chronic administration.	2
Transient bullous dermolysis of the newborn consists of congenital skin defects and a tendency for blistering of the skin and mucous membranes during the neonatal period.	2
CASE REPORTS: The first patient was an 86-year-old woman who had been treated with oral colchicine because of rheumatoid arthritis.	2
Postmortem examination revealed only minimal neoplastic infiltration of the meninges.	2
Acetazolamide (Diamox) is a carbonic anhydrase inhibitor commonly used in patients with glaucoma in order to reduce intraocular pressure.	2
They suggest that lithium-antidepressant combination can precipitate this syndrome.	2
Cardiac function and symptoms recovered completely.	2
Mianserin (15 mg/day at 21.00 h) was discontinued and then reinstituted (off-on-off-on design).	2
She experienced deterioration in vision following the commencement of treatment due to a Jarisch-Herxheimer reaction.	2
In vivo confocal microscopy is a useful tool to study interlamellar stromal keratopathy induced by elevated IOP after LASIK in humans and the response to treatment and to differentiate interlamellar stromal keratopathy from DLK.	2
We also review relevant literature regarding incidence and management.	2
A review of causes of thrombocytoses in humans and animals is presented, and the criteria for diagnosis of essential thrombocythemia are examined.	2
Five days after discharge (day 1), she developed bilateral lower extremity arterial thrombi and underwent heparinization and successful lower extremity thrombectomies.	2
The use of botulinum toxin in the treatment of a parotid duct injury during Mohs surgery and review of management options.	2
Because contact dermatitis due to a topical medication was suspected, patch testing was performed after disappearance of her eruption.	2
Four cases involving men with New York Heart Association functional class III heart failure are presented.	2
An effective schema for the treatment of tardive dyskinesia includes avoiding antiparkinsonian medication and prescribing deanol, an acetylcholine precursor, while continuing or increasing phenothiazine dosages.	2
We report a case of posttransplant pulmonary capillaritis in an 8-month-old infant, and demonstrate evidence of C4d deposition and B-lymphocytes in the allograft, donor anti-HLA antibodies in the serum and a clinical and immunohistochemical response to anti-CD20 monoclonal antibody (rituximab) therapy.	2
Vitamin D toxicity complicating the treatment of senile, postmenopausal, and glucocorticoid-induced osteoporosis.	2
Role of Stellate ganglion block in post CABG sympathetically mediated chest pain.	2
Hemolytic uremic syndrome appeared, while no evidence of residual tumor was found.	2
Prolonged enteroviral infection in a patient who developed pericarditis and heart failure after bone marrow transplantation.	2
The clinical usefulness and possible mechanisms of action of these agents in treating sleep disorder are discussed.	2
Pulmonary toxicity was dose limiting, with grade III toxicity occurring in all three patients treated at a dose of 100 mg/m2.	2
Data on the use of 25-OH D show no greater benefit than for vitamin D.	2
This prompted the patient to discontinue all herbal supplements with the subsequent resolution of his lightheadedness and orthostasis.	2
Topical hydroquinone is used in the treatment of a number of skin conditions.	2
Hereditary motor and sensory neuropathy type 1 (HMSN-1) is an autosomal dominant disorder, which is usually not associated with neoplastic diseases.	2
A three-year old female Whippet was hospitalized due to a multiple fracture and displacement of the left scapula caused by a recent car accident.	2
On the second occasion she developed a very severe episode of hypotension followed by the outbreak of a generalised rash during general anaesthesia.	2
Rifampicin, an antituberculous drug, causes increased hepatic metabolism of steroid hormones.	2
B-CLL patients treated with fludarabine appear to be at risk for TA-GVHD and should be regarded as candidates for transfusions with irradiated blood products.	2
Prompt correction of hyponatremia by administration of hypertonic saline solution was followed by resolution of all neurologic defects.	2
Adrenal crises in children treated with high-dose inhaled corticosteroids for asthma.	2
A clinical case of Cheyletiella infestation on a dog born and raised in Korea is reported.	2
We have reported the first case of successful treatment of disseminated histoplasmosis in a renal allograft recipient using a short course (14 days) of amphotericin B in combination with prolonged therapy (161 days) with ketoconazole.	2
Stricture formation at the level of the calyceal infundibula occurred, as well as retroperitoneal and ureteric fibrosis.	2
Upon subsequent reduction and discontinuation of phenobarbital, however, chlorpromazine was able to be reduced with no increase in target behaviors.	2
RESULTS: The patient was treated with topical and oral antiviral agents and had complete recovery of the lesions in 10 days.	2
Candida dubliniensis is an emerging fungal pathogen, especially in immunodeficient patients.	2
Both patients improved only when their antibiotic coverage was broadened to include Kluyvera.	2
BACKGROUND: In the 1940s and '50s the first oral hypoglycaemic agents (the sulphonylureas and metformin) became available.	2
Serotonin reuptake inhibitors, epilepsy and myoclonus.	2
The severity of this frequently irreversible and disabling condition warrants careful consideration in the use of long-term antipsychotic drug treatment in the young psychiatric outpatient population.	2
We describe the first case of a man who developed acute graft-versus-host disease (GVHD), isolated to the lung, after an orthotopic liver transplant from a female donor.	2
Chemotherapy may be reserved for patients with positive cerebrospinal fluid, extracranial disease, or subsequent relapse.	2
She received cyclophosphamide, phenylalanine mustard, urethane, and prednisolone intravenously or orally.	2
In both patients with a SAH caused by an aneurysm, transcranial Doppler sonography demonstrated vasospasm of the basal cerebral arteries.	2
Development of an organic affective syndrome during a hyperbaric diving experiment.	2
We conclude that there is insufficient evidence either to establish or eliminate a direct causal relationship between ACC and MMI use.	2
A previously asymptomatic 62-year-old man with a history of hypertension and stable coronary artery disease developed paresthesias and fascicular and ventricular tachycardia after ingestion of an Ayurveda bowel regimen containing substrates from the Aconitum species, which is a known neurotoxin and cardiotoxin.	2
Their past histories were remarkable in that all three had recently undergone chemotherapy for malignancy (2 lymphoma, 1 malignant thymoma).	2
Intravenous hydration with normal saline was initiated as the patient had normal kidney function, and urinary output was monitored.	2
The brain and spinal cord were examined routinely, and histological sections were taken for evaluation.	2
BACKGROUND: A 55-year-old man with glioblastoma multiforme was treated with continuous, dose-dense temozolomide.	2
There were small changes in the shape of the P waves and P-R intervals.	2
The neuroleptic malignant syndrome (NMS) is a potentially fatal complication of antipsychotic drugs.	2
The diffuse gastritis was aggressively treated with proton pump inhibitors.	2
Bronchiolitis obliterans organizing pneumonia (BOOP) is a rare disease, which is histopathologically defined by the presence of granulation tissue in the bronchioles, alveolar ducts and alveoli leading to plugging of the bronchiolar and alveolar lumen.	2
Little inflammatory change was noted in either the epithelial or stromal layers of the failed graft.	2
RESULTS: Grade 3 and 4 toxicities were mainly hematological and manageable.	2
We propose a common mechanism: the vasoconstrictors caused systemic hypertension, increased left ventricular afterload, decreased left ventricular compliance, and decreased cardiac output.	2
Clinical notes on the possible anticholinergic reversal of depressive syndromes.	2
We are reporting a case of a 62 years old man who presented with atypical chest pain four months after coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG).	2
This 4-year-6-month-old girl had a history of moderate developmental delay and had received HOPA administration when first admitted at 2 years 6 months of age with hypoglycemia, hyperammonemia, lactic and pyruvic acidemia, and non-ketotic dicarboxylic aciduria.	2
The patient presented with focal seizures which led to epilepsia partialis continua and then progressive obtundation.	2
Renal insufficiency, however, persisted.	2
We describe three infants exposed in utero to ACE inhibitors who had adverse outcomes.	2
On cessation of the injections, the retrocorneal membrane grew rapidly to involve the entire posterior cornea.	2
Before receiving PUVA therapy one patient had been treated with topically applied thiotepa and x-ray irradiation, while in the other patient PUVA was the only treatment received except for topical corticosteroids.	2
The human clinical use of 1% lindane formulations has become somewhat controversial during the past five years.	2
He was not rechallenged with the drug.	2
Botulinum toxin type B (BTX-B) has been approved by the Food and Drug Administration for the treatment of cervical dystonia.	2
The treatment of patients with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection and hemophilia involves unique challenges that may be addressed with novel antiretroviral classes.	2
A Group IVC AIDS patient experienced repeated methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus epidermidis colonization and infection of his central venous access device.	2
On postburn day 31, he developed a temperature of 108.4 degrees F (42.4 degrees C).	2
His complete remission was maintained with a nitrosourea, nitrogen mustard and methotrexate for 3 years.	2
This report may serve to remind EEG'ers and epileptologists that the acute use of this drug may be effective in dealing with PLEDs that are often difficult to eliminate.	2
These may not always be reported in the literature.	2
It is important to accurately identify these infections, and polymerase chain reaction assay using universal fungal primers offers a rapid and precise diagnostic approach.	2
The patient was then treated with gemcitabine and irinotecan.	2
With either discontinuation or decreased dosage of the drug the symptoms disappeared and did not recur.	2
Three patients received prophylaxis with MB at a dose of 4 x 50 mg day(-1) i.v. for the subsequent chemotherapy cycles.	2
Therefore, we believe that screening for HBsAg is insufficient for detecting latent HBV carriers, and that investigation for hepatitis B core antibody (HBcAb) is essential.	2
Staphylococcus aureus is one of the main causes of bacteriaemia.	2
Serum and salivary IgA were absent with high IgE serum total.	2
He also had hypomagnesemia, hypophosphatemia, hypouricemia, proteinuria and glucosuria.	2
She was treated with high dosage corticosteroids and incurred severe side effects, including bone marrow depression, renal magnesium stones, osteoporosis, depression of affect, convulsions with cerebral damage and adrenal suppression.	2
Nonsteroidal antiinflammatory agents (NSAIDs), especially naproxen and other propionic acid derivatives, appear to be the most common offenders.	2
Of particular interest in the present case report is the silent presentation and the absence of any pharmacological interference.	2
As the use of stimulant medications has ballooned in the past decade, so too has awareness of the cardiovascular complications of these drugs.	2
Herein we present our case and a review of the literature about the systemic toxicity of PI.	2
In this paper, the authors present a case in which the current American Society for Regional Anesthesia and Pain Medicine guidelines were strictly followed with respect to withholding and reintroducing warfarin and enoxaparin after an epidural steroid injection, but the patient nevertheless developed a spinal epidural hematoma requiring emergency surgical evacuation.	2
Psychosis was stable with flupentixol monotherapy.	2
Recently, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs have been used to halt the growth of these tumors, presumably by interfering with prostaglandin metabolism.	2
Special attention should be paid to symptoms of pulmonary thromboembolism in patients after spinal surgery.	2
This article reports the impact of inadvertent acyclovir exposure on a woman during the first trimester of pregnancy and reviews the literature on acyclovir's pharmacology, safety profile, and potential uses during pregnancy.	2
However, there is no literature that describes the complications that occur at the time of removal of these lines.	2
We also review DCL to emphasize the importance of recognizing and treating this evolving disease in the growing population of patients on immunorestorative therapy.	2
The patient's dental development and pharmacological history suggest prednisone as the offending agent.	2
BACKGROUND: Because of its unique mechanism of action and safety profile, imiquimod, a topical immune response modifier, is used for many benign and malignant dermatologic conditions.	2
The patient was also found to have Hashimoto's thyroiditis.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Imiquimod is a new and novel treatment option for cutaneous malignancies.	2
HIT is an immune-mediated adverse drug reaction that may be associated with limb or life-threatening thrombosis.	2
BACKGROUND CONTEXT: Spontaneous spinal epidural hematoma (SSEH) is an infrequent spinal pathology.	2
The five cases reported so far are reviewed.	2
As this was not seen in patients without Down's syndrome, we postulate that patients with trisomy 21 have bone marrow which is "at risk" for suppression, and, thus warrant close evaluation while on such medications.	2
After recovery CT scan follow-up showed marked cerebral atrophy which did not exist prior to the state of coma.	2
Results are discussed in light of the existing literature.	2
Also required are high index of suspicion and importantly serum levels of aflatoxin.	2
Even after its discontinuation, the patient experienced the rash on a long-term basis, with periodic exacerbations.	2
A wide range of autoimmune disorders have been described in DiGeorge syndrome and velocardiofacial syndrome, including one prior report of autoimmune hemolytic anemia and immune thrombocytopenia.	2
The child developed a severe and florid form of mucocutaneous oral ulceration, severe ocular manifestations, along with marked constitutional disturbances and dehydration.	2
Death from inappropriate therapy for Lyme disease.	2
Her clinical status improved with urgent thrombolytic therapy (with tisokinase and urokinase) and anticoagulation therapy (with heparin and warfarin), and her life was saved.	2
In our cases, haematological side-effects were satisfactorily controlled by dose reduction without allowing the reemergence of psychiatric symptoms.	2
Using an illustrative case this article examines the prognostic significance of gastrointestinal haemorrhage and the risk of stopping anti-platelet therapy.	2
Subfoveal choroidal neovascularization in a patient with hemicentral vein occlusion.	2
We present a patient who developed extensive Molluscum Contagiosum (MC) lesions shortly after being started on HAART.	2
An aggressive dose escalation (0.15, 0.2, 0.25 mg/kg/hr for 6 hrs) was done over the next 5 days in an attempt to avoid open-heart surgery.	2
The central nervous system (CNS) is the major organ system affected, although the renal, gastrointestinal (GI), endocrine, and cardiovascular (CV) systems also may be involved.	2
The patient herein reported had chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and had had a nephrectomy.	2
Strict neurological supervision of patients treated with chlorambucil is recommended.	2
Urinary iodine excretion was extremely elevated up to 18 mg/day while serum concentrations of total thyroxine were below the euthyroid range and thyrotropin levels were elevated.	2
DISCUSSION: Half were treated with topical imiquimod.	2
CASE: We present here the case of a patient with protein S deficiency, who has used COCs together with anticoagulatory therapy (Phenprocoumon) after suffering from deep venous thromboses for 4 years.	2
The catheter was safely removed surgically; pathology examination showed no residual thrombus.	2
Fatal overdoses associated with quetiapine.	2
This case, along with extensive reports in the medical literature, illustrate how treatment with inhibitors of TNF-alpha has the potential to result in a wide range of infectious complications, including rapid growing Mycobacterium.	2
Augmentation, defined as a loss of circadian recurrence with progressively earlier daily onset and increase in the duration, intensity, and anatomy of symptoms, not compatible with the half-life of the drug, is associated with dopaminergic treatment in restless legs syndrome (RLS) patients.	2
A chorio-retinal shunt was demonstrated.	2
Similar cases of this reaction have been reported with procainamide, which is structurally similar to metoclopramide.	2
One month after that, sperm motility was vastly improved (65%) and they conceived a child 5 months after that.	2
Pulmonary capillaritis has been described in adult lung transplant recipients, but has not been previously reported in pediatric recipients.	2
Treatment consisted of catecholamines and repetitive infusions of Ringer lactate.	2
Three patients never had intubation during hospitalization.	2
Reduced vision secondary to pigmented cellular membranes on silicone intraocular lenses.	2
Rush disease, or aggressive posterior ROP (AP-ROP), progresses rapidly to stage 5 disease without exhibiting the classical course that includes stages 1-3.	2
Differential diagnosis and treatment of this condition are discussed.	2
Very elderly patients with nephrotic syndrome frequently suffer from oliguric renal failure, which has a potentially high mortality.	2
STUDY DESIGN: Case report.	2
Likewise, Chinese herbal drugs are considered to be effective and to have few side effects.	2
Possible mechanisms and preventive measures are discussed.	2
Symptoms and signs of acute pancreatitis quickly returned.	2
Examination by MRI during the clinical course clarified the presence and disappearance of an epidural abscess and diskitis.	2
Rapid destruction and lysis of lung nodules by chemotherapy seem to be the main mechanism of pneumothorax development.	2
We report the clinical course of a patient with bitemporal epilepsy who ingested 12 g of lacosamide, 56 g of gabapentin, 2g of topiramate, and 2.8 g of zonisamide during a suicide attempt.	2
Vincristine (VCR) is commonly included in combinational chemotherapy regimens because of its synergy with a variety of other active agents, as well as its sparing of the hematopoietic system.	2
Reactivation of herpes zoster in this case could have been coincidental, or secondary to LASIK and the subsequent use of topical corticosteroids following LASIK.	2
His inhibitor titres ranged from 10 to 3450 Bethesda units (BU).	2
The side-effects and unusual pharmacokinetics of phenytoin are discussed, as well as the array of potential drug interactions.	2
Expect clonidine intoxications to become more common as the market for antihypertensive drugs expands.	2
Both infants initially responded well to medical therapy for narcotic withdrawal, but at 7-14 days of age, withdrawal symptoms intensified, requiring an increase in the dosages of Paregoric (UDL Laboratories, Rockford, IL) and opium tincture in both infants and the addition of phenobarbital therapy in one infant.	2
Carotid angioplasty and carotid artery stenting were performed using the distal protection system with the PercuSurge GuardWire.	2
After discontinuing the HCQ, the QT interval was shorter and the patient recovered after treatment with lidocaine and isoproterenol.	2
Pancreatic autoantibody tests were negative before the start of therapy, but a significant increase in glutamic acid decarboxylase (GAD) antibody titer was seen after 24 weeks of treatment.	2
These observations add to the literature on pro-arrhythmic effects of commonly used antiarrhythmic drugs.	2
CPH is exquisitely responsive to indomethacin so much so that the response is one of the current diagnostic criteria.	2
Valproate 960 mg (30 mg/kg) was infused over 1 hour.	2
The methemoglobinemia was readily reversed with the administration of methylene blue.	2
The patient was then treated with sertraline without experiencing any incontinence episodes.	2
Based on these findings and since the patient had no signs of infection, his physician instructed him to discontinue the drug.	2
The most important solvents in this respect are methanol, toluene, carbon disulfide, and n-hexane.	2
Over the ensuing 3 years, recurrent bouts of optic neuritis OU, with dyschromatopsia, and acuity and field loss (arcuate, central, and paracentral scotomas) were controlled with increasing doses of corticosteroids.	2
RESULTS: Nine patients were cured, one patient with poor adherence to treatment and advanced AIDS died.	2
All abnormalities were transient, with recovery a few days after foscarnet withdrawal.	2
Generalized argyria, the systemic dissemination and tissue deposition of silver-containing particles, is characterized by slate gray discoloration of skin, most pronounced in sun exposed areas.	2
The prevalence of pregnancy loss in women with FMF is considered to be high.	2
More recent case reports have concentrated on the use of cardiopulmonary bypass.	2
A systematic investigation ruled out causes of physiological and reactive thrombocytoses.	2
His platelet count was normal on admission.	2
The patient made a full neurologic recovery and remains free of disease recurrence 21 months after treatment.	2
The mechanisms responsible for these conditions currently remain unclear.	2
Although adverse effects are mainly mild, more serious infrequent adverse effects including leucopenia are mentioned.	2
Intradermal and patch tests to liquid prednisone were positive.	2
Of the 3 methods of treatment used, the pars plana anterior vitrectomy approach seemed the most effective and the medical approach with 4% cocaine seemed to be the least predictable.	2
This case shows the difficulties in the diagnosis of CD20-negative lymphomas when the number of tumor cells is low and when they are found in a predominant T-cell context.	2
Hypersensitivity reactions to aromatic anticonvulsants are associated with anti-liver microsomal antibodies which recognise rodent proteins.	2
These questions are considered in the context of currently available literature.	2
Care should be taken in prescribing antipsychotic drugs to patients who are prone to cardiovascular side effects, and alternatives to antipsychotics with prominent anticholinergic profile, in particular, should be sought.	2
Oral corticosteroids are the main therapeutic choice for systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE).	2
The histological findings of marked cholestasis without evidence of extrahepatic biliary obstruction or acute hepatitis were compatible with the diagnosis of drug-induced liver disease.	2
An MRI showed T2 signal change in the conus medullaris gray matter at T11-12, consistent with an acute vascular infarct.	2
A closer look at septic shock.	2
We report a case of DCL that developed in the context of the immune reconstitution inflammatory syndrome (IRIS) in a man with AIDS following initiation of antiretroviral therapy.	2
We describe a 37-year-old woman who was receiving temozolomide for treatment of metastatic melanoma.	2
Combination therapy for psoriasis with methotrexate and etretinate.	2
When infection of the instrumented cage is diagnosed, emergency debridement with or without removal of implants, including the cage, appropriate wound closure, and the administration of potent antibiotics is the standard treatment.	2
We propose that drug-induced ocular pemphigoid represents a spectrum of diseases ranging from a self-limiting, toxic form to a progressive, immunologic form.	2
A trial of thrombolytic therapy with tissue plasminogen activator infusions was started at 0.1 mg/kg/hr for 6 hrs daily.	2
Twelve patients reported improvement in pain and mood, while 11 reported improvement in sleep.	2
MATERIALS AND METHODS: We describe a patient who sustained a parotid duct injury after Mohs micrographic surgery for treatment of squamous cell carcinoma.	2
A 56-year-old male who was 12 months status post liver transplant presented with a 2-month history of painful, erythematous nodules over the right knee.	2
Cotton-wool spots were found in six patients, retinal hemorrhages in four, and branch retinal vein occlusion in one (one eye).	2
Earlier reports on the use of etanercept or infliximab in patients with rheumatoid arthritis, psoriatic arthritis, or juvenile rheumatoid arthritis suggested an increased risk of demyelinating disease.	2
Bronchospasm did not recur, making it unlikely that tartrazine hypersensitivity caused this problem.	2
These data suggest that cidofovir may be useful as adjuvant therapy for BKVN.	2
Coincidental with this treatment, the immunopathology of the glomerulonephritis improved dramatically, dramatically, renal function returned almost to normal, and both antinuclear antibody and LE cell preparation became negative.	2
After the most recent surgery, he suffered transient cauda equina symptoms.	2
Despite the dramatic response of Hodgkin's disease to intensive chemotherapy, the skin lesion was rapidly transformed into squamous cell carcinoma in 10 weeks.	2
The participants all reported heightened sensitivity to one or several odors which could not fully be explained by the potential explanatory models of anticipatory nausea and vomiting, pseudohallucinations, or increased chemical sensitivity.	2
Shortly after mitral valve replacement she developed a severe hypercalcemia (serum calcium 5.95 mmol/l) during a febrile illness.	2
We report on a patient with thrombosis of a prosthetic mitral valve who developed severe embolic complications following the administration of the thrombolytic agent.	2
The most common symptoms are fever (78%), abdominal pain (92%), and cloudy dialysate (90%); 76% of cases had a predominance of polymorphonuclear cells in peritoneal fluid.	2
Additional history disclosed that the patient had been given metamizole for pain before onset of his illness.	2
An extraordinarily rare case report of mixed fat redistribution syndrome associated with osteopenia but not with relevant metabolic abnormalities is documented in a prepubertal child with congenital HIV infection treated with antiretroviral therapy since the age of six months, up to the present age of 12 years and two months.	2
While more studies are needed to better understand the mechanism of action after suspending HAART, the complete resolution of the signs and symptoms was observed.	2
This behavior consisted of an apparent infatuation with a ward nurse, which ceased after medication was discontinued.	2
After the second HSCT at the age of 6.7 years, the child received cyclosporine (target trough whole blood cyclosporine concentration range 150-200 microg/L), starting on day -3, and mycophenolate mofetil for aGVHD prophylaxis.	2
We review the 14 previous cases published in the literature and describe two additional patients.	2
Follicular cell carcinoma (FCC) of the thyroid is rarely found during childhood.	2
General practitioners now have a wider range of effective hypoglycaemic agents from which to choose.	2
Atypical mycobacterial infections of the musculoskeletal system are very rare and are generally associated with predisposing factors, such as trauma, use of corticosteroids, or an immunocompromised state.	2
This study aims to explore SCs occurring without taste changes during chemotherapy, to better understand the characteristics of such changes, and how these experiences affect patients in their daily lives.	2
NMS must be considered as part of the differential diagnosis of fever in burn patients receiving medication known to cause the syndrome.	2
He denied aspirin or non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug use.	2
The considerable exposure to chemicals, time course and unusual pattern of organ involvement suggested a diagnosis of occupational scleroderma.	2
Radiation recall refers to inflammatory reactions triggered by chemotherapeutic agents and develops cutaneously in the previously irradiated areas.	2
We conclude that tuberculosis is an important diagnostic consideration for CAPD patients with peritonitis that is refractory to broad-spectrum antibiotics.	2
A moderate vitreous hemorrhage occurred four days after PDT.	2
The results suggest that the development of severe hypocalcemia can be explained on the basis of hypoparathyroidism in relation to hyperphosphatemia, hypomagnesemia, and acute renal failure.	2
Prior cases are reviewed.	2
Cardiopulmonary compromise after use of topical and submucosal alpha-agonists: possible added complication by the use of beta-blocker therapy.	2
Oral warfarin is the standard of care for patients requiring long-term anticoagulation due to venous thromboembolic disease.	2
OBJECTIVE: To report the use of oral terbutaline for chronotropic support in a patient who had undergone heart transplantation.	2
Patients were started on topical tacrolimus ointment 0.03%, twice daily, which was tapered to the lowest possible therapeutic dose that maintained its antirejection efficacy.	2
It is of value in treating temper states in epilepsy and has the advantage of not causing extrapyramidal symptoms and side-effects are slight after the first week.	2
Energy dispersive X-ray microanalysis (EDXA) confirmed that many of the granules contained silver.	2
Trough whole blood tacrolimus concentrations ranged from 1.7 to 6.2 microg/L.	2
Between 1993 and 1997, 52 patients (age 16-77 years) with solid tumours were treated with ifosfamide in dosages ranging from 3 to 5 g m(-2) q3w when given in combination schedules and up to 12 g m(-2) q4w when given as a single agent.	2
The patient was initially treated for presumed bacterial peritonitis but remained febrile and had persistent abdominal pain and peritoneal fluid pleocytosis, despite broad-spectrum antibiotic therapy.	2
During his evaluation for right upper quadrant pain an abnormal liver scan demonstrated what proved to be a hypervascular hepatic lesion.	2
Other possible causes of hepatotoxicity were excluded.	2
A potentially fatal complication of these anesthetics is methemoglobinemia (Met-Hgb).	2
A second transient prostate-specific antigen elevation after external-beam radiation therapy and fractionated magnetic resonance imaging-guided high-dose rate brachytherapy boost.	2
She was receiving chronic therapeutic doses of HCQ for the treatment of lupus erythematosus.	2
Bipolar disorders as well as recurrent major depressive episodes can be most effectively treated with electroconvulsive therapy (ECT).	2
We have described a man with classic rheumatoid arthritis who had membranous nephropathy associated with nephrotic syndrome not related to gold or penicillamine therapy.	2
Panuveitis associated with multiple sclerosis complicated by cerebral venous thrombosis.	2
In the other 2 patients, hyperintense lesions in the periventricular white matter were transient and no neurologic sequelae ensued.	2
With continued ganciclovir treatment, the graft remained clear and no recurrence or rejection occurred until 12 months after the last PKP.	2
Three of the patients had been reluctant to reveal this to their psychiatrist, believing the doctor had no interest in alternative medicine or would disapprove.	2
After the first year of transplantation, allograft coronary artery disease (ACAD) is the second main cause of death.	2
There is a paucity of literature etiologically inculpating other ephedra alkaloids in the causation of intracerebral hemorrhage.	2
Rapid progression to fatal postnecrotic cirrhosis.	2
Shewanella spp. are an uncommon cause of human infection, with exposure to water being the commonest source.	2
Leishmaniasis is an emerging disease in HIV-infected persons; visceral leishmaniasis is an AIDS-defining opportunistic infection.	2
The drug was discontinued and papular lesions gradually disappeared.	2
OBJECTIVE: To highlight ciclosporin as a therapeutic option in the treatment of steroid-responsive sudden SNHL.	2
The ECG at the onset of CHB suggested block to have occurred in the trifascicular conduction system.	2
In two of these cases, it was sufficiently marked for the course of treatment to be curtailed and occurred at a relatively low cumulative dose of the drug.	2
It seems that being aware of the undesirable affects of tamoxifen treatment during the chemotherapy and post-chemotherapy period is very important.	2
Mesenteric desmoid tumor in Gardner's syndrome treated by sulindac.	2
This unusual psychopathology is probably encountered more by dermatologists than by mental health professionals.	2
In each case, the leukopenia was dose-dependent.	2
In the first case oligo-anuric renal failure occurred on the thirteenth day of treatment, after the patient had taken only 9 doses of medication.	2
Based on these data, authors have previously exposure is confirmed despite a lack of any pattern to the defects reported.	2
Immunosuppression with ciclosporin can be an effective and well-tolerated treatment for steroid-responsive sudden SNHL.	2
This is an unusual association, and to date only seven cases have been reported.	2
Evaluation of hypothermia with psychiatric patients should include primary accidental hypothermia, central nervous system disorders, metabolic disorders, infections, and medications.	2
Massive subchorionic hematomas following thrombolytic therapy in pregnancy.	2
Broncho-pulmonary infection in a 50-year-old male with acute, hypertensive, intracerebral bleeding, necessitated therapy with cefpirome (2 g/day, 6 days), ciprofloxacin (800 mg/d, 11 days) and tazobactam/piperacillin (9 g/day, 11 days).	2
Signs of ischemia, including mottling of skin and painful extremities, preceded the development of the characteristic electrolyte abnormalities and cardiac arrhythmias.	2
Her mother ingested therapeutic doses of nimesulide, a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory (cyclo-oxygenase-2 inhibitor) drug, during the last 2 weeks of pregnancy.	2
OBJECTIVE: To describe the management of tumor lysis syndrome (TLS) with rasburicase in 2 patients who presented with cancer within the first month of life and compare and contrast both cases with respect to their underlying renal physiology, management, and eventual outcome.	2
A major advantage of genotyping compared with phenotyping is that the former may be performed in blood samples from patients irrespective of treatment.	2
An ICD implantation was selected for the therapy since ventricular fibrillation was induced.	2
Physicians in the United States, especially those who practice primary care, hematology/oncology, and infectious diseases, must be aware of the availability and use of metamizole in specific patient populations and its potential for harmful side effects.	2
Astute observation, leading to the early detection of behavioral changes, may help avert the development of a costly and disabling complication of drug therapy.	2
Changes in serotonergic function may play a more widespread role in the pathophysiology of seizure disorders than hitherto thought.	2
The development of nephrotic-range proteinuria after renal transplantation is an unfavourable prognostic factor for graft survival.	2
The clinical picture was a severe alveolitis, with compromised gas exchange.	2
Drug-induced pemphigoid.	2
Case report and review of the literature.	2
OBJECTIVE: To discuss the various diagnostic and treatment options that should be considered when managing parotid duct injuries that result from skin cancer extirpation.	2
CASE: We report a 17-year old JRA patient with primary ovarian diffuse large B-cell non-Hodgkin's lymphoma (NHL).	2
The epigastric pain completely resolved after treatment with ganciclovir.	2
Given tardive dyskinesia (TD), clinicians and interdisciplinary teams should remain alert to the following client profile: (1) prescribed phenobarbital (or primidone), (2) prescribed neuroleptics, especially at high dosages, to control maladaptive behaviors, (3) failure of neuroleptic gradual minimal effective dose attempts, and (4) possible presence of behavioral procedures, especially intrusive procedures, to control maladaptive behaviors.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Our experience indicates that safely flying with newly diagnosed DM type 1 is possible.	2
One patient with a chromosome 22q11.2 deletion and Evans syndrome is reported in this paper.	2
The discontinuation of HAART led to the complete resolution of signs and symptoms.	2
The authors report the first case involving trapped epidural air in the spine that mimicked a mass lesion and caused neurological symptoms after epidural corticosteroid injection in the lumbar region.	2
The taxonomical, pharmacological, and clinical aspects of angel's trumpet-induced disorders are discussed.	2
The markedly increased expression of fibrogenic factors PDGF-B and IGF-1 on hyperplastic alveolar macrophages and hyperplastic type II pneumocytes may play an important role in the fibrogenesis of this disease.	2
Although this patient had multiple risk factors implicated in the development of invasive pulmonary aspergillosis, the infectious potential of inhaled marijuana must be recognized.	2
The drug was identified and quantitated in plasma and urine using an HPLC technique with diode-array detection.	2
Generalized and partial complex seizures, other neurological signs and symptoms, and laboratory data were improved after modification of her anticonvulsant regimen.	2
Serum hormone concentrations in these patients did not change during therapy, neither did the edema factor C1-esterase inhibitor.	2
Streptokinase is the mainstream therapy for acute myocardial infarction.	2
A prolonged, complete disappearance of B-cells from the peripheral blood was observed.	2
Thyrotropin concentrations and cardiac systolic time indexes during the elevation of serum CK concentrations were not consistent with hypothyroidism.	2
The exogenous origin of the lipid in the BAL fluid was confirmed by gas chromatography/mass spectrometry.	2
In this phase I study 37 patients received 97 courses of KW-2149 administered as an i.v. bolus injection every 21 days at sequential dose levels: 5, 10, 17, 25, 35, 47, 60, 75, 90 and 100 mg/m2.	2
Aircrews are tested every 3 mo for HbA1c levels.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Intravenous therapy with the anti-CD20 antibody rituximab is a nontoxic and effective treatment for patients with primary cutaneous B-cell lymphoma.	2
Late infection was suspected from his symptoms and laboratory findings, and a wide spectrum antibiotic was administered.	2
This case is the first report in which RLS augmentation is shown to be characterized by motor hyperkinesias paralleling levodopa plasma pharmacokinetic profile.	2
PURPOSE: To describe the use of topical thiotepa in the treatment of recurrent haze after photorefractive keratectomy (PRK).	2
PURPOSE: To report the detection of cytomegalovirus (CMV) DNA in the cornea of a CMV endotheliitis patient after penetrating keratoplasty (PKP).	2
Olanzapine is a newly developed atypical neuroleptic with a marked affinity to the 5-HT2, D2 and D4 dopamine receptors.	2
The patient had a long history of constipation with daily use of mineral oil.	2
We report an 18-year-old male patient who developed chronic hepatitis C after blood transfusion and had testicular dysfunction after irradiation for a testicular relapse of childhood acute lymphocytic leukemia after cessation of maintenance therapy, and the initiation of testosterone replacement therapy at puberty.	2
However, even with an initial dose of 0.5 mg, hypotension with consciousness disturbance developed in three hypertensive patients with recent cerebral hemorrhage.	2
The patient had MRSA sepsis develop resistant to conventional therapy, which was successfully treated with daptomycin.	2
Low-dosage intravenous immunoglobulin in the management of a patient with acquired von Willebrand syndrome associated with monoclonal gammopathy of undetermined significance.	2
Clinicians should be aware of this potential life-threatening adverse reaction and monitor kidney function while patients are using linezolid.	2
CASE REPORT: A 52-year-old woman presented with an extensive flare of psoriasis associated with joint pain, especially in her knees and elbows.	2
The neurological status of the patient has only slightly improved to the present.	2
Our study presents a new aspect of the benefit of STN stimulation with regard to drug-induced non-motor symptoms in patient with PD.	2
Odontogenic cell sensitivity is dependent upon the position on the cell cycle and the mitotic activity at the time of chemoradiation therapy.	2
Ectopic adrenocorticotrophic (ACTH) syndrome and small cell carcinoma of the lung-assessment of clinical implications in patients on combination chemotherapy.	2
We present a case of a patient with long-standing schizophrenia who was treated with clozapine.	2
With the increasing use of immunosuppressive agents, including TNF alpha inhibitors, it is likely that there will be an increase in the number of mycobacterial infections complicating arthroplasties.	2
Two anephric patients in the course of one year erythropoietin therapy improved their anemic status without changes in Mean Arterial Blood Pressure.	2
A case of Kaposi's sarcoma following treatment of membranoproliferative glomerulonephritis and a review of the literature.	2
Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death in patients with diabetes mellitus and represents a persistent risk that is inextricably linked to the diabetic disease state.	2
The patient became cyanotic with a PaO2 of 39 mmHg.	2
Combined renal tubular acidosis and diabetes insipidus in hematological disease.	2
The case study reports were linked to and discussed in relation to possible explanatory models for increased olfactory sensitivity.	2
She underwent a thymectomy at 40 years of age to treat myasthenia gravis.	2
Initial vitreous cultures were negative.	2
The histopathologic features of fully developed lesions have been reported; however, early-stage findings have not been previously described, and the histogenesis of this lesion is controversial.	2
Successful use of levosimendan in a patient during cardiopulmonary bypass.	2
BACKGROUND: Zidovudine, a Nucleoside Reverse Transcriptase Inhibitor (NRTI) is one of the earliest antiretroviral agents used as a combination in the Highly Active Antiretroviral Therapy (HAART) for the treatment of HIV infection.	2
She was transfused with four (4) units of packed cells and Zidovudine was replaced with Stavudine.	2
The purpose of this study was to evaluate the neuroprotective effect of MB in these patients and to review the literature.	2
If the infection takes a persistent course, persistent topical and intravitreal antibiotic treatment and possibly vitrectomy are needed to eradicate the infection.	2
This report addresses the issue of whether linear IgA bullous dermatosis can be associated with gluten-sensitive enteropathy.	2
Neuralgic amyotrophy is a rare condition of unknown etiology that has never before been associated with administration of these antibiotics, individually or in combination.	2
The data substantiate previous findings in brain tissue from a patient with pyridoxine-dependent seizures.	2
It can be caused by immunosuppressive drugs or autoimmune diseases.	2
Further prospective studies should examine the patterns and prevalence of cannabis use among chronic pain populations.	2
CONCLUSIONS: This case report is part of a new and growing body of literature that demonstrates the potential risk of transforaminal injection.	2
Profound hypoxemia during treatment of low cardiac output after cardiopulmonary bypass.	2
Mycotic aneurysms of the thoracic aorta: repair with use of endovascular stent-grafts.	2
The child, at present 15 months old, has had to undergo two operations for fronto-orbital advancement because of insufficient growth of the mid-face, nasal airway hypoplasia and increased intracranial pressure.	2
Adenosine may be of therapeutic and diagnostic value in the emergency management of arrhythmias.	2
DISCUSSION: As of February 11, 2004, this is the first case, to our knowledge, to describe the use of oral terbutaline therapy for chronotropic support in the setting of acute rejection after heart transplantation.	2
Opioid drugs cause bile duct obstruction during hepatobiliary scans.	2
In our patient, symptoms were most acute during the infusion, when whole blood cyclosporine concentrations were likely to be the highest.	2
Much has been learned about heparin-induced disease, but complex issues remain.	2
However, there was clinical and electrophysiologic recovery after initiation of intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIg) therapy.	2
When managing TLS in infancy, clinicians must consider the relative degree of renal immaturity and its predisposition toward metabolic derangements.	2
OBJECTIVE: To report a case of neuralgic amyotrophy associated with antibiotic therapy.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Continuous infusion of local anesthetic and opioid to a sternal fracture site using a periosteally positioned catheter led to successful analgesia and hence improved respiratory function.	2
We report the confocal microscopic findings in a case of interlamellar stromal keratopathy induced by elevated intraocular pressure (IOP) after laser in situ keratomileusis (LASIK).	2
Phenol is a neurolytic agent that is widely used by percutaneous retrogasserian injection in the treatment of trigeminal neuralgia.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Topical tacrolimus 0.03% ointment seems to be a promising second-line immunosuppressant in management of high-risk grafts.	2
Olfactory changes among patients receiving chemotherapy.	2
Abuse of salbutamol inhalers in young people.	2
The patient was treated with surgery and combined cytotoxic chemotherapy.	2
Patients with metastatic disease to the bone marrow are at risk of significant hematologic toxicity, if they undergo myelotoxic chemotherapy.	2
Fortunately, no lower back pain has recurred.	2
Clindamycin for treatment of Toxoplasma polymyositis in a dog.	2
These data indicate that the current methods for monitoring resistant mutants are potentially flawed because no tissue culture system adequately reflects the receptor specificity of human respiratory tract epithelium.	2
In the meantime the patient developed acute respiratory distress, was intubated on clinical grounds and was transferred to the intensive care unit.	2
We postulate that in our patient, a subgaleal hemorrhage developed after vacuum delivery and possibly infected 11 months later, presumably from hematogenous seeding of an acute otitis media.	2
However, 3 months later he developed increased intraocular pressure and a recurrence of the cystoid macular edema.	2
To our knowledge, this is the first reported case in Thailand.	2
Recombinant factor VIIa has been licensed in the United Kingdom since 1996 for the control of bleeding in hemophilic patients who are actively bleeding or are about to undergo surgery.	2
One patient had a partial response ongoing at 17+ months on ipilimumab despite failure with four prior therapies, and the other two patients showed durable stable disease, both still ongoing at 17+ and 20+ months, respectively.	2
No aggravation of OCD symptoms was noted during mianserin administration.	2
Implantation of a sustained-release ganciclovir device was performed in both eyes when retinitis progressed in spite of aggressive antiviral intravenous treatment.	2
Nevertheless, symptomatic CH has been reported in association with various underlying diseases.	2
This patient was previously well with no known cardiovascular risk factors.	2
METHODS: Thirty-two patients with chronic hepatitis C were examined prospectively for changes in fundus findings while they were being treated with pegylated interferon and ribavirin.	2
One patient was symptomatic and the other had only electrocardiographic changes.	2
RESULTS: The treatment regimen resulted in two complete regressions, five partial responses, and one mixed response, and two patients did not respond to the treatment.	2
We report on two patients with narrow angle glaucoma affected by chronic pain.	2
She subsequently survived despite the development of convulsions, severe lactic acidosis (pH 6.86), hyperthermia (Temp 40.5 degrees C) and rhabdomyolysis.	2
The resultant renal failure and fluid overload necessitated peritoneal dialysis.	2
CONCLUSIONS: A potential interaction exists between VPA and all ritonavir-boosted antiretroviral regimens.	2
We also review other patients with paradoxical seizure exacerbation by benzodiazepines.	2
After cessation of treatment there was a gradual resolution with regain of normal nails after 7 months.	2
We believe these cases highlight important and potentially irreversible side effects of this agent and emphasize the need for further studies of the renal safety of TDF in pediatric patients.	2
BACKGROUND: Antidepressants can sometimes cause agitation, particularly in patients with bipolar disorder, but concern about such effects is generally limited to the first weeks and months of treatment.	2
Epithelioid angiosarcoma of the lung is a rare late complication of Lucite plombage treatment of pulmonary tuberculosis.	2
However, these drugs contain side effects.	2
Levetiracetam may be used for maintenance antiepileptic therapy after diazepam administration.	2
The patient developed bilateral shoulder pain followed by decreased function of his upper extremities 2 days later.	2
A 45-year-old woman and a 49-year-old man, both with a history of rheumatoid arthritis, were treated with etanercept and infliximab, respectively.	2
The type of lung toxicity was similar to the one observed with other antitumor antibiotics.	2
We suspect a possible cause-and-effect relationship, which has not previously been reported in the literature.	2
He has elected to have future SBCCs managed with C&C.	2
Most patients improve after discontinuation of the drug.	2
In patients with an impaired renal function, AZ should therefore be administered very carefully in order to avoid an accumulation of the drug.	2
Ophthalmological examination included testing of visual acuity, slit-lamp inspection, fundus inspection, fundus photography and kinetic perimetry.	2
A patient receiving intradermal injections of vaccine directed towards carcinoembryonic antigen-bearing metastases from colorectal cancer showed uptake of 18F-fluorodeoxyglucose in local draining lymph nodes during the course of treatment.	2
Strongyloidiasis and aseptic meningitis occurred in a renal transplant recipient who was receiving immunosuppressive drugs.	2
This is the first reported case of giant cell lichenoid dermatitis in a patient with baboon syndrome.	2
High-flux haemodialysis treatment as treatment for carbamazepine intoxication.	2
In some patients, clinical vigilance for antidepressant-induced dysphoria may be warranted for extended periods of time.	2
We have concluded that opioid drugs cause bile duct obstruction in healthy persons.	2
After admission, she received oral calcium polystyrene sulfonate and sorbitol to treat hyperkalemia.	2
Serratia Marcescens corneal ulcer as a complication of orthokeratology.	2
This was associated with opening the mouth and was thought to be caused by a trigeminovagal reflex.	2
The ocular pressure of the second patient was 18.5 mmHg after a week, 21 mmHg after 2 weeks, and 23 mmHg after 16 days.	2
Carbamazepine is an anticonvulsant most effective in treating complex partial and generalized tonic-clonic seizures.	2
Recurrent endophthalmitis after cataract surgery with a scleral-tunnel incision.	2
Discontinuation of the drug appeared to be responsible for the resolution of symptoms.	2
The ability of clozapine to suppress tardive dyskinesia symptoms raises the possibility that clozapine, at least at the doses used in this report, might also induce the disorder.	2
At delivery, there were severe brachycephaly, hypoplasia of the anterior cranial base and the midface as well as synostoses of both coronal and metopic sutures.	2
The only adverse effect was seroconversion of anti-hepatitis C virus after receiving 108 bottles of LC for 36 weeks.	2
Polymerase chain reaction (PCR) detected CMV-DNA in the aqueous humor in his affected eye, and we started administration of ganciclovir.	2
Eosinophilic peritonitis responding to treatment with glycyrrhizin.	2
A standard verteporfin dose was given and a photodynamic treatment (PDT) protocol was followed.	2
Histologically, these defects appear as osteoid-like niches in the developing dentin which alter the overlying enamel.	2
The mortality rate has been estimated at about 10%.	2
There was no evidence of recurrent myeloma after the initial remission on cyclophosphamide therapy.	2
Finding an effective therapy for this subgroup of patients with severe recurrent HCV is a priority.	2
Clinical and chemical improvement was observed in the majority of subjects but normal 24-hour serum growth hormone levels were achieved in no more than 35 percent of this group and possibly less.	2
We present an example of this complication that we recently saw in our department which on initial presentation appeared to be squamous cell carcinoma.	2
A possible role for a factor with thrombosis-inducing activity (TIA).	2
Dealing with drug-induced thrombocytopenia.	2
A 27-year-old Caucasian woman with end-stage Crohn's disease was hospitalized with an upper extremity thrombosis.	2
Donepezil may be a valuable alternative to psychostimulants in the treatment of opioid-induced sedation.	2
There appears to be no reason to advise women receiving propranolol to avoid breast feeding.	2
However, in the rare case of postoperative patch leakage, a relapse of a pseudoaneurysm may occur.	2
We present a case of CMV pneumonitis in a woman with stage IV breast cancer, with brain metastases, receiving both chemotherapy and systemic corticosteroids.	2
Dental management for head and neck cancer patients undergoing radiation therapy: comprehensive patient based planning--a case report.	2
CONCLUSIONS: All primary eye care clinicians should be aware of this new and unique clinical presentation and be prepared to recognize it quickly and treat it appropriately.	2
He underwent the desensitization without incident on repeated infusions.	2
Three other patients with clinically determined ULD showed a variable response and some notable side effects during treatment with NAC.	2
The carbonic anhydrase inhibitors that are used most frequently in ophthalmic practice are acetazolamide and methazolamide.	2
It is concluded that hypoparathyroid patients being treated with vitamin D and calcium should be carefully monitored in the case of an intercurrent illness or a change in medication.	2
In addition, she required additive reductions of 33-42% in her weekly warfarin dose with each chemotherapy cycle to maintain a therapeutic INR (goal range 2.0-3.0).	2
Nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drugs can cause oral ulcers.	2
The patient developed severe hepatitis after chemotherapy and, despite achieving complete remission of the malignancy, died of hepatic failure.	2
After a follow-up of more than 2 1/2 years no significant recovery was seen in these cases.	2
Severe hypomagnesemia occurred in this patient and published literature is highlighted.	2
After recovery, in an attempt to provide adequate calories and to elucidate the inciting agent, he was rechallenged with his original total parenteral nutritional solution which contained 500 ml/day of a 20% fat emulsion.	2
Video distraction initially inhibited vomiting but the treatment effects were not maintained.	2
Given this case report, we recommend close monitoring of women using this herbal preparation.	2
This issue is important, given the increasing use of chemotherapy in combination with radiotherapy.	2
A characteristic speech disorder, which may be described as cortical dysarthria or speech apraxia, occurs in approximately 1% of adults undergoing OLT.	2
Depressive symptoms got worse and electroconvulsive therapy was tried.	2
The cause of hiccups should be expressly stated for treatment.	2
Metformin was stopped.	2
Gastric stump lymphoma after distal gastrectomy for benign peptic ulcer: Report of a case.	2
Once the diagnosis of acute cerebral infarction is confirmed, thrombolytic therapy should be administrated within the time window of 3 hours.	2
These pauses were always preceded by the short P-P intervals and were usually followed by one or two P-P intervals of 0.92-0.95 s representing the basic sinus cycle.	2
Few studies have been carried out regarding preoperative chemotherapy utilized in the treatment of primitive neuroectodermal tumors/medulloblastomas (PNET/MB).	2
Biperiden was transiently effective in the acute akathisia, while the more persistent akathisia was alleviated by mianserin.	2
Neonates who receive prostaglandin E1 at recommended doses for more than 120 hours should be closely monitored for evidence of antral hyperplasia.	2
The potential anticonvulsant effect of these drugs was successfully reversed by the administration of intravenous flumazenil just prior to the treatments.	2
Soon afterwards he developed cholestatic hepatitis and visual disturbance.	2
CSA was withdrawn, and a new MRI was normal after 2 months.	2
She was commenced on antiretroviral therapy.	2
Overall, SMS 201-995 appears to be a valuable new agent for the treatment of acromegaly, but long-term safety needs to be established.	2
CASE SUMMARY: A 22-year-old male with cystic fibrosis had been nonadherent to treatment for 4 years; when he returned to the clinic with symptoms, his forced expiratory volume in 1 second dropped from 84% predicted to 43% predicted.	2
The histopathological findings in pemphigus patients with a history of psoriasis may resemble Munro's microabscesses of psoriasis and should therefore alert pathologists and clinicians in considering additional diagnostic methods such as direct and indirect immunofluorescence.	2
At follow-up, none of the residual lines were associated with thrombus formation, and none showed any evidence of migration.	2
Theoretically, it may be useful in reversing anticholinergic ileus resulting from acute drug overdose, allowing or enhancing decontamination, but the safety and potential efficacy of neostigmine in this scenario have not been established.	2
It has relatively weak effects on norepinephrine and serotonin reuptake but possesses significant dopamine agonist and reuptake blocking effects.	2
Pyridoxine for neonatal seizures: an unexpected danger.	2
Radiographic calcification in muscles was not seen.	2
Unpredictable and potentially life-threatening, immune thrombocytopenia can occur with any drug, at times even after long, uneventful use.	2
This suggests that UGT1A9 poor metabolizer genotype(s) may be a predisposing factor for COMT inhibitor-induced hepatotoxicity.	2
For such tumors to be successfully removed, at least part of the parotid duct must be excised as well.	2
OBJECTIVES: To describe therapeutic cannabis use among patients with chronic pain.	2
The patient was discharged on oral methylprednisolone and has not had recurrence of the skin lesions.	2
The effective valve area was 0.41 cm2.	2
Rituximab is a chimeric anti-CD20 monoclonal antibody.	2
Those reporting SCs significantly more often reported weight gain than those reporting TSCs, with oral problems and appetite loss significantly less common in the SC group.	2
Ciclosporin was effective at controlling all symptoms of SNHL.	2
His serum calcium was found to be 18 mg/dl.	2
Because lupus patients are susceptible to infections associated with disease exacerbation or immunosuppressive treatment, recurrent infections might be expected during the disease course without need for further evaluation of the immunodeficiency.	2
We report a relapsed HIV-related high-grade NHL which was treated successfully with ESHAP chemotherapy followed by high-dose chemotherapy and autologous bone marrow transplantation (ABMT).	2
The patient underwent immediate and delayed hypersensitivity tests.	2
His obstruction resolved, and he remains well at 11 months.	2
Stevens-Johnson syndrome (SJS) is a serious and potentially life-threatening disease.	2
Evans syndrome in a patient with chromosome 22q11.2 deletion syndrome: a case report.	2
Starting with high-dose methylprednisolone treatment followed by defibrotide maintenance therapy the patient showed dramatic complete response of VOD, resulting in a normal sonography of the liver and normalization of laboratory values.	2
Sedation improved at least moderately in 5 of the patients and mildly in 1 after they began taking donepezil.	2
In order for him to receive the needed chemotherapy, we developed a desensitization protocol that was administered in the intensive care unit.	2
Depigmentation has been described with local steroid injections for other dermatologic conditions, but has not been reported previously with treatment of infantile ocular adnexal hemangiomas.	2
The patient was discharged five days after admission and referred to a hematology clinic for follow-up.	2
Treatment of chromoblastomycosis due to Fonsecaea pedrosoi with low-dose terbinafine.	2
Dofetilide has been shown to be effective and safe in maintaining sinus rhythm in patients with persistent atrial fibrillation and congestive heart failure.	2
Laboratory studies showed leukocyturia, thrombocytopenia, severe anemia, and tarry stools.	2
Intravenous phenytoin was urgently administered into the dorsum of the right hand.	2
In conclusion, the diagnosis of aflatoxicosis takes cognisance of geographical location, past events, staple diet and clinical features to exclude other infections.	2
Lacosamide intoxication in attempted suicide.	2
Organic affective psychosis associated with the routine use of non-prescription cold preparations.	2
Recently, we started to evaluate cardiac parameters in medicated patients with schizophrenia using power spectrum analysis of heart rate variability.	2
The tumor necrosis factor-alpha antagonist (TNF-alpha) etanercept has been approved for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, juvenile rheumatoid arthritis, psoriatic arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, and psoriasis.	2
The cases raise a number of issues, including the need for clinicians to routinely ask patients about alternative medicine use, to learn more about these treatments, and to discuss these approaches objectively with patients.	2
In the absence of other causes, we suspected an adverse reaction to amiodarone, not least because of the similarity with histologic findings of cases previously reported.	2
Total white cell count and neutrophil count returned to normal and she made an uneventful recovery.	2
Phenytoin, verapamil, and acetazolamide were ineffective, but tocainide yielded good results.	2
Acute pancreatitis was confirmed surgically.	2
For all recipients with neurologic complications, we reviewed clinical findings, imaging and electrophysiologic test results, and perioperative laboratory data.	2
Both patients deteriorated during treatment with propranolol, and became asymptomatic during treatment with verapamil with normal graded exercise tests.	2
Disulfiram has been used effectively to deter alcohol consumption in patients with a history of alcohol abuse.	2
The skin lesions disappeared almost completely within three months.	2
Systemic venous thrombosis after recombinant factor VIIa in the control of bleeding after cardiac surgery.	2
Topiramate may be a treatment option in CPH.	2
Tamoxifen exhibits agonistic properties on the uterus.	2
We highlight the importance of having a high index of suspicion for hepatic side effects of diclofenac and emphasize the need for increased awareness of this rare but potentially serious problem.	2
Studies for disseminated intravascular coagulation remained stable, and no clinical bleeding was seen.	2
Gastric-outlet obstruction induced by prostaglandin therapy in neonates.	2
To our knowledge, no case of fatal agranulocytosis as a result of olanzapine treatment was reported in the literature.	2
The dog remains healthy despite the marked increase in the number of circulating platelets.	2
Options for avoiding allegations of abandonment are proposed.	2
Abscesses of the pterygopalatine fossa are extremely rare.	2
The anterior chamber deposits still remain.	2
He developed optic atrophy and steroid complications, including cushingnoid features and growth maturation delay.	2
Tuberculous peritonitis in patients undergoing continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis: case report and review.	2
Secondary hematologic neoplasm after intravesical chemotherapy for superficial bladder carcinoma.	2
Oral adverse effects due to the use of Nevirapine.	2
Systemic lupus erythematosus and IPH were diagnosed 6 years later.	2
Intestinal pseudo-obstruction was a prominent feature in the patient in this study.	2
Pulse therapy may be equally as effective and may lessen the frequency of serious side effects.	2
At autopsy adenovirus was identified in her bladder, kidneys and lungs.	2
The inter-individual variation in the expression of this protein(s) and its potential induction by anticonvulsant therapy together with an inherited deficiency in drug detoxification capacity may explain predisposition to these immunoallergic reactions.	2
We propose diagnostic criteria for this under-recognized new clinical syndrome, and recommend that physicians routinely measure serum gastrin levels in persistent cases of PPI-dependent dyspepsia unassociated with H. pylori.	2
Therapy with pyrimethamine, sulfadiazine and folinic acid resulted in total lesion healing although central vision was lost.	2
Phase I and pharmacokinetic study of a novel mitomycin C analog KW-2149.	2
Eight were treated with MB at a dose of 6 x 50 mg day(-1) intravenously (i.v.).	2
Although the outcome of this case was fortunate, this conservative treatment is unusual, and is not recommended as standard treatment.	2
Two patients received 6 mg sumatriptan subcutaneously on days 4 and 6, and one patient 3 x 100 mg sumatriptan orally on day 1 after an acute headache episode.	2
His clinical features included erythematous, edematous plaques and peripheral neuropathy.	2
Zygomycosis in a 13 year old girl with T-NHL.	2
Immunoblots conducted with hepatic microsomes from control and induced rats and purified rat P450s confirmed that these antibodies also recognised constitutive (3A2) and inducible (3A1) rat CYP3A products.	2
Laboratory investigation disclosed a high anti-Toxoplasma IgG titer.	2
BACKGROUND: An infusion of prostaglandin E1 is widely used to maintain patency of the ductus arteriosus in neonates with congenital heart disease.	2
In this complicated patient, who was resistant to oral warfarin and unable to receive subcutaneous low-molecular-weight heparin, therapeutic anticoagulation was achieved with intravenous warfarin.	2
The authors suggest that serum sodium levels be carried out before commencement of carbamazepine and caution be used in prescribing carbamazepine to patients with low or borderline low sodium values.	2
At delivery the umbilical cord plasma concentration was similar to that in the maternal venous plasma.	2
Diagnosis of DPD deficiency must be confirmed by specialized laboratory tests.	2
CASE SUMMARY: A 6.1-year-old child received cyclosporine and methotrexate for acute graft-versus-host disease (aGVHD) prophylaxis after his first HSCT for acute myeloblastic leukemia.	2
The immunoglobulin G (IgG) obtained from the TRAb-positive serum of the patient elicited no thyroid hormone-releasing activity in cultured human thyroid follicles, whereas all IgGs obtained from untreated Graves' disease elicited positive results.	2
Hepatobiliary scans using Tc-IDA are reliable in making the diagnosis of acute cholecystitis.	2
However, the effect of chemotherapy on cord tolerance is unclear.	2
Although isoproterenol has been the mainstay of therapy for chronotropic support in this setting, its availability has been an issue in recent years.	2
SUMMARY: Unfortunately, the clinical features of the oral adverse effect from NVP are not well known.	2
Parkinsonian features were progressive, even after the patients had stopped work.	2
Ten patients received naloxone, 50% demonstrated clinical improvement in vital signs and CNS depression.	2
The use of an indium111 DTPA flow study in the evaluation of a lumbar swelling in a girl with a baclofen pump.	2
The oral mucosa, tongue, sclera, and conjunctiva also had a slightly blue-gray discoloration.	2
The cure rate of this disease has been reported to be lower than for non-drug resistant TB, and the use of new experimental drugs in combination therapy is warranted.	2
After two months of mechanical ventilation, the patient was stabilized.	2
OBJECTIVES: Multidrug resistant tuberculosis (MDR-TB) is an increasing problem in many parts of the world and in Norway the increase has been substantial since 1998.	2
Microsomal enzyme induction and clinical aggravation of porphyria: the evaluation of human urinary 6beta-hydroxycortisol/cortisol ratio as the index of hepatic CYP3A4 activity.	2
Analysis and correlation of antenatal data and drug therapy with individual cases failed to show any specific abnormality that could reasonably be attributed to zidovudine therapy.	2
Consequently, it is most appropriate to explain the possible side effects from misuse of lindane to each patient.	2
Diagnostic testing could not be completed due to lack of clinical response to dexamethasone.	2
He received systemic chemotherapy twice and in both instances developed disseminated intravascular coagulopathy (DIC), accompanied by acute decrements of the peripheral platelet count and plasma fibrinogen, an increment of the fibrin degradation products (FDP), and bleeding tendency with the appearance of skin purpura.	2
Plasma concentrations and response to antidepressants vary considerably between patients treated with similar dosages.	2
Brugada syndrome whose ST-segment changes were enhanced by antihistamines and antiallergenic drugs.	2
The patient had several acute sinusitis and septic episodes during his acute course.	2
We describe a 54-year-old, human immunodeficiency virus-positive man with a history of sulfonamide allergy who received treatment with pentamidine for Pneumocystis jiroveci pneumonia.	2
Indium-111-labeled-leukocyte scintigraphy was performed on three febrile patients, two of whom had no signs or symptoms referable to the respiratory tract.	2
This abdomen CT scan was thought as abnormality pictures of neutropenic enterocolitis.	2
Nine adult patients from three community teaching hospitals had bronchospasm unresponsive to standard therapy.	2
We caution against abrupt interruption of anticholinergics in patients with severe segmental cranial dystonia, even in those cases in which no benefit is apparent to observers.	2
Diagnosis of lipoid pneumonia was made by diagnostic bronchoscopy with bronchoalveolar lavage (BAL).	2
Tardive dyskinesia in young adults.	2
Chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy associated with tumor necrosis factor-alpha antagonists.	2
Hypervitaminosis D developed in four patients with osteoporosis or osteomalacia.	2
CASE SUMMARY: An AIDS patient experienced an exacerbation of cytomegalovirus retinitis and was treated with foscarnet.	2
Medical consultation is imperative for these patients before administering a fluid challenge during general anesthesia.	2
Pure red cell aplasia after ABO-incompatible allogeneic stem cell transplantation in severe aplastic anemia with response to steroids: a case report and literature review.	2
In view of the potential hazards of tissue plasminogen activator, close pediatric ICU monitoring is indicated with the use of high-dose tissue plasminogen activator infusions.	2
A case of Hodgkin's disease confined to the CNS, with cerebrospinal fluid negative for cytology, is described in an immunocompetent patient previously treated for hyperthyroidism with 131I.	2
RESULTS:Haze, uncorrected visual acuity (UCVA), and BCVA improved in all patients.	2
Investigations showed abnormal liver function tests, pancytopenia and elevated serum levels of aflatoxins.	2
We report a patient with a malignancy and upper gastrointestinal bleeding who underwent a gastric lavage followed by an endoscopy as part of her investigations.	2
In this study, we present a 75-year-old woman who had five children.	2
MRI showed increased T(2) signal intensity predominant in the posterior regions of the brain suggestive of PRES.	2
Chest radiography showed central bilateral opacities and pleural effusion as confirmed by the high-resolution computed tomography that demonstrated diffuse ground-glass and interlobular septal thickening as well.	2
Neuroleptic malignant syndrome.	2
We report an unusual case of development of upper eyelid depigmentation in a child 4 months following corticosteroid injection of a periocular capillary hemangioma.	2
Endoscopic management of a new entity-plastobezoar: a case report and review of literature.	2
Kalimate was administered orally and as an enema suspended in 20% dextrose water to treat hyperkalemia.	2
The tumor initially had responded well to chemotherapy; however, while the tumor mass decreased, plasma and urine catecholamines and the blood pressure increased.	2
Complete remission of BOOP was achieved by long-term treatment with low-dose methotrexate (5-20 mg/week, i.v.).	2
Nonexcisional approaches include topical imiquimod, and curette and cryotherapy (C&C).	2
Despite reduction in immunosuppression, 30%-40% of recipients progress to allograft loss.	2
Direct immunofluorescence revealed staining at the dermal-epidermal junction and around blood vessels with IgG in the first case and with IgG, IgA, and fibrin in the second case.	2
Intravenous ganciclovir was started and continued for 3 weeks.	2
Acidic and neutral drugs were screened for by liquid-liquid extraction followed by high-performance liquid chromatography-diode-array detection.	2
Clinical cases documenting the development of pemphigus in patients with a history of psoriasis have been reported in the literature.	2
The child, a 4-year-old boy, had unilateral retinoblastoma with metastatic spread to the central nervous system.	2
The alternative use of endovascular stent-grafts was evaluated for management of infected aneurysms of the thoracic aorta.	2
The most frequent pathological finding is myocardial haemorrhage, with no evidence of coronary artery atheroma or thrombosis.	2
PURPOSE: Visually significant, pigmented cellular membranes may form on intraocular lenses after implantation.	2
The reaction, documented by rechallenge during hospitalization, was characterized by marked hypotension, fever, rigors, conjunctivitis, meningitis, nausea, arthralgias, and leukopenia.	2
The patient responded promptly to appropriate antibiotics.	2
Unfortunately, the access device frequently provides a foci for debilitating infections.	2
It is well known that exposure to manganese, solvents, or carbon monoxide in an occupational setting may lead to central nervous system damage and parkinsonism.	2
A fractured hip during electro-convulsive therapy.	2
Disseminated Ureaplasma urealyticum infection in a hypo-gammaglobulinaemic renal transplant patient.	2
Consequently, intravenous salmon calcitonin was administered, based on evidence of efficacy in the treatment of other neuropathic pain syndromes and its relatively benign side-effects profile.	2
It generally is characterized by fever, altered mental status, rigidity, and autonomic dysfunction.	2
Physical examination revealed hypotension (84/47 mmHg) and heme-positive stool on rectal examination.	2
Donepezil in the treatment of opioid-induced sedation: report of six cases.	2
The only residual neuroblastoma tissue visible on MIBG scintigraphy on day 150 of treatment was a metastasis in the left tibia which was irradiated with 24 Gy.	2
RESULTS: A 9-year-old male who underwent orthokeratology treatment for 6 months suffered from a corneal ulcer.	2
This lead to the hypothesis of a partially dialysable toxic metabolite of muzolimine.	2
Prompt recognition of this syndrome and temporary cessation of CyA therapy may favorable affect the course.	2
Shewanella spp. infection following treatment for upper gastrointestinal bleeding.	2
Intraoperative anaphylaxis: verba volant, scripta manent!	2
METHODS: A 76-year-old woman with microbial keratitis and recurrent endophthalmitis after cataract surgery was referred to a tertiary care center for further management.	2
In 1 patient, leukoencephalopathy was progressive and irreversible brain damage and mental retardation persisted.	2
Fifty-two mental hospital cases of acute and chronic schizophrenia and gross behaviour disorders were investigated and observed for 6-12 months during treatment with clozapine.	2
While the patient had evidence of underlying kidney disease, the timing of his renal failure indicates that TDF played a central role.	2
Ciclosporin was administered, allowing corticosteroid therapy to be discontinued.	2
Uses and safety of acyclovir in pregnancy.	2
CONCLUSIONS: The results of this self-selected case series must be interpreted with caution.	2
Perilymphatic atrophy can be a complication of intralesional corticosteroid injections given for the treatment of conditions such as psoriasis, alopecia areata, and keloids, and intraarticular corticosteroid injections given in diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis.	2
Acute leukemia following combination chemotherapy for cancer of the lung.	2
In conclusion, intradermal skin tests can be a useful tool for detecting a potential cross-reaction between platinum salts.	2
A cytogenetic study showed del (3)(q11.1).	2
The patient's autoimmune thyroiditis may also contribute to the predisposition for pemphigus development.	2
The possible role of the autonomic nervous system in the causation of acute coronary vasospasm is discussed, and this is highlighted as an unusual cause of myocardial ischemia during thoracic spine surgery.	2
Cholestatic hepatitis after administration of furan derivatives.	2
The hazards of treating such patients with lithium are well known (Lazarus & Gilgor, 1979), but other drugs may also destabilize psoriasis.	2
After two months of hospitalization, a pruritic dermatitis near the left scapula developed.	2
Neutropenic enterocolitis or typhlitis (from the Greek typhlon, meaning caecum) is defined as a necrotizing colitis with inflammation of the cecum and surrounding tissues.	2
Gonioscopy revealed the presence of a scleral abscess, which responded to subconjunctival injection of vancomycin and an intense and prolonged course of topical antibiotics.	2
Treating physicians must be aware of this potential toxicity from gemcitabine either given concomitantly or followed by radiation.	2
Multiple white dandruff-like flakes were seen on the hair coat, especially over the dorsal spine and neck, and the dog expressed increased pruritus by frequently licking and scratching the affected areas.	2
Thereafter, the FK506 concentration in whole blood gradually decreased, and the hyperkalaemia and metabolic acidosis following RTA improved.	2
The interrelationship between the immunosuppressive effects of neoplasia and chemotherapy with the resultant thymic overgrowth remains to be clarified.	2
Iodine-induced hypothyroidism and goiter following lipiodolTM lymphography.	2
INTERVENTION: Escalating dose of tissue plasminogen activator infusion.	2
Awareness of this disease and need for prompt institution of therapy is stressed.	2
In the absence of palpable cysticerci, the clinical diagnosis can be missed, although no other disease in its full form presents in this manner.	2
After obtaining informed consent, locally prepared lyophilized cryoprecipitate (LC), heat treated at 60 degrees C for 25 h, was given in a dose of 13 units kg-1 body weight of factor VIII three times per week.	2
One patient required a second separate stent-graft placement procedure because of migration of the initial device; the second patient underwent surgical repair of a ruptured mycotic abdominal aortic aneurysm followed immediately by stent-graft placement for a chronic mycotic thoracic aneurysm; a third patient underwent repair of two infected false aneurysms secondary to complete rupture of a surgical interposition graft.	2
Physicians prescribing these drugs should be aware of this side effect, which, if not recognized and treated appropriately, is potentially devastating.	2
The patient's medications had been stable for at least six months except for the addition of carbamazepine one month before his arrival at the ED.	2
Upon a chlorpromazine minimal effective dose reduction, target behaviors increased and dosage was returned to prior levels with the conclusion that chlorpromazine was controlling the target behaviors.	2
Patients were monitored for adverse treatment effects.	2
An esophago-gastro-duodenal examination was performed which showed antritis and duodenitis consistent with radiation therapy.	2
Risk factors are discussed.	2
In cases with or without small perforations, the technique minimizes or decreases fluid flow so that the surgeon has a clearer view of these tissues and can perform more thorough and accurate stripping of deeper layers of tissue.	2
The location and extent of the central nervous system pathology correlated with the type and severity of clinical symptoms.	2
Since continuation/maintenance ECT is not well established, prophylactic therapy in recurrent illnesses is more commonly carried out using antidepressive medication alone or more often in combination with lithium.	2
Abdomen CT scan showed diffuse circumferential thickening of ileum wall typical for ileitis, narrowing of the lumen, disturbance of peristaltic.	2
The nephrotic syndrome cleared without steroid therapy and has not recurred 18 months later in one patient.	2
The cardiac toxicity of HCQ has focused primarily on acute intoxication.	2
CONCLUSION: This observation suggests that IFN in combination with ribavirin may offer an effective therapeutic option for liver transplant patients with severe recurrent hepatitis C.	2
The drug was discontinued, and the fever resolved within 2 days.	2
Prolonged requirement for ventilatory support in a patient with Eskalith overdose.	2
First trimester disulfiram exposure: report of two cases.	2
After using the antibiotic lock technique, the patient maintained his catheter without further infection for an additional 2 months.	2
OBJECTIVES: This article focuses on those patients where particular agents should not be used: i.e. 'when not to use what'.	2
CMV gastritis has been reported in transplant recipients.	2
DISCUSSION: A comprehensive literature search of Medline using WebMd and MDConsult, was conducted to cross reference known side effects of topical prostaglandin analog treatment.	2
Apomorphine-induced penile erections in Parkinson's disease.	2
Dermatitis herpetiformis is associated with a gluten-sensitive enteropathy in >85% of cases.	2
The allergological work-up was negative, except for intradermal test with gelatine.	2
Parents of children taking high doses of inhaled corticosteroids should be alerted to the clinical features of adrenal insufficiency.	2
A review of the literature suggests that leukoencephalopathy may be prevented by high doses of leucovorin and can be treated by high doses, if lower doses were used initially.	2
Mycobacterium abscessus infection after use of tumor necrosis factor alpha inhibitor therapy: case report and review of infectious complications associated with tumor necrosis factor alpha inhibitor use.	2
These finding indicate the possibility that the ileus was triggered by drugs with anticholinergic properties in this elderly diabetic patient treated with alpha-glucosidase inhibitors.	2
The current case demonstrates that some cystoid macular edema may not be responsive to vascular endothelial growth factor blockade alone.	2
The development of methods to prevent or decrease peritoneal sclerosis will allow for greater application of this innovative therapeutic approach.	2
The endometrium showed patterns of glandular cystic hyperplasia.	2
The patient's visual acuity, eye movements and the pupillary defect did not improve in the affected eye even after mechanical decompression within 30 minutes and medical treatment, neither in the early period nor during the following two months.	2
Although some of these agents can improve cardiovascular disease risk in patients with diabetes, others may increase the risk and may be prohibited from use in certain populations.	2
A case is described where a woman with major toxicity and high serum levels was managed without recourse to invasive modalities such as cardiopulmonary bypass or extracorporeal therapies.	2
A case of hepatocellular carcinoma in a young female is presented in which the apparent etiology was the use of oral contraceptives for 5 1/2 years.	2
We report the case of a patient suspected of voluntary massive poisoning by ethylene glycol.	2
The rate of infection in patients who require ventricular assist devices is estimated at more than 35%.	2
Antiretroviral drugs may offer a better alternative to disfiguring surgery in the future.	2
The T4 (helper)/T8 (suppressor) ratio decreased (1.0 and 1.2) on two different days, although above the normal limit.	2
We describe the effect of multiple cycles of 5-fluorouracil administration in a patient receiving warfarin therapy.	2
Suramin has demonstrated modest activity against prostate cancer and is being investigated in clinical trials.	2
In an infant with typical pyridoxine-dependent seizures, CSF GABA level, was determined before treatment with pyridoxine.	2
Because conservative therapy was not helpful for spinal stenosis and neuroclaudication, a left L2 transforaminal epidural injection was attempted, but a posterolateral fusion mass made this procedure impossible.	2
Although it has been reported previously in patients being treated for lymphoma, it occurred in this case in a man under treatment for glomerulonephritis.	2
The duration of the pauses were equal or almost equal to one short plus one long P-P interval or to twice the basic sinus cycle.	2
Before the treatment of co-trixomazole, their serum levels of creatinine showed upper limits of normal ranges.	2
Coincident with this therapy, the blood lactate concentration rose from 21 to 27 mmole/L.	2
The lesion was recurrent, with evidence of desquamation.	2
Worsening of obstructive sleep apnoeas in a patient with rheumatoid arthritis treated with anti-tumor necrosis factor.	2
Fenofibrate is a new lipid-lowering agent for adults with very high triglyceride levels that was administered to two HIV-positive patients who were taking protease inhibitors and developed hypertriglyceridemia.	2
The patient's blood pressure decreased from a baseline of 130/80 mm Hg to 70/55 mm Hg, 39 minutes into the infusion.	2
Therefore, fixed drug eruption is a newly observable side effect of this drug.	2
The patient was readmitted with symptoms of rhinorrhea, poor feeding, and decreased activity level.	2
The patient tolerated amoxicillin and cefazolin, suggesting that the sensitizing portion was not the beta-lactam ring.	2
We have found that higher doses, up to 1,500 micrograms per day, which have generally been free of side effects, are sometimes required to normalize growth hormone secretion.	2
We reevaluated his cardiac parameters.	2
The most commonly reported side effects include dry mouth and dysphagia.	2
Further biopsy revealed a more severe glomerular lesion.	2
Adverse reactions to reserpine were reported in 26 patients (11.3 per cent), but only three of these reactions were considered life-threatening and no deaths were attributed to the drug.	2
Before recognition of pregnancy, the latter had been treated for acute myelocytic leukaemia receiving cytarabine, daunorubicin and doxorubicin at conception and cytarabine and thioguanine at about 35-37 days post conception.	2
Bronchoscopic, cytologic, histopathologic, and virologic studies confirmed that necrotizing and exudative tracheobronchitis was due to herpes simplex virus.	2
The parameters of oxygen metabolism in a patient with cyanide poisoning who was admitted in a coma with seizures was monitored.	2
The benefit of apomorphine on sexual function in some patients suggests a possible role in the treatment of impotence in PD.	2
This calls for adequate evaluation and monitoring of patients on this drug.	2
Here, we describe two patients who developed severe proteinuria after renal transplantation, despite effective blood pressure control with an ACE inhibitor.	2
Diagnosis of toxoplasmosis was confirmed by muscle biopsy and seroconversion.	2
Adult respiratory distress syndrome as a severe immune reconstitution disease following the commencement of highly active antiretroviral therapy.	2
Crohn's disease has not been associated with its administration.	2
More than 50 cases of tuberculous peritonitis complicating CAPD that have been reported in the English-language literature since the initial case was reported in 1980 are reviewed.	2
METHOD: Case report.	2
Each dog developed arterial hypertension, with systolic, diastolic, and mean arterial pressures ranging from 170 to 205, 90 to 112, and 123 to 148 mm of Hg, respectively.	2
Valproate elimination was enhanced by the continuous infusion of activated charcoal.	2
A case of transient bullous dermolysis of the newborn associated with Wilms' tumor is reported.	2
According to our case report and to the literature, the onset of acute dyspnea after chemotherapy for lung metastatic germ cell tumor should alert to the possibility of spontaneous pneumothorax.	2
Enoxaparin is the current anticoagulant of choice with advantages for the treatment of neonatal thrombosis.	2
It is generally known that excessive blood levels of AZ inhibit not only the gastric juices but also prostaglandin levels and HCO3- excretion in the gastric mucosal barrier.	2
CONCLUSIONS: PRES is a rare syndrome that must be suspected in every patient presenting neurologic symptoms in the course of immunosuppression.	2
Pulmonary thromboembolism after spinal instrumentation surgery.	2
Stopping the topical steroids with concurrent lowering of the IOP resulted in improvement in the uncorrected and best corrected visual acuities and was associated with resolution of the corneal findings.	2
A patient with ocular syphilis is presented.	2
This case is reminiscent of pneumonitis to other beta-blockers, which are reviewed here.	2
On chronic pain assessment he was having hyperalgesia to light touch in addition to the spontaneous chest pain.	2
Four years after transplantation the patient was admitted again due to sudden worsening of New York Heart Association functional class and extreme fatigue.	2
During cytotoxic treatment of a child with leukemia we describe the longitudinal course of ionized calcium in a complex syndrome of hypocalcemia and hypoparathyroidism.	2
Initial low plasma thiamine levels confirmed the diagnosis of thiamine deficiency.	2
Epithelioid angiosarcoma of the lung: a rare late complication of Lucite plombage.	2
DISCUSSION: According to the literature, reversible nonthrombocytopenic palpable purpura has not been previously reported with metoclopramide.	2
Immune reconstitution inflammatory syndrome (IRIS) is a recently described entity in which severely immunodepressed HIV patients, after being started on HAART, develop inflammatory reactions to several pathogens.	2
A case report.	2
Changing treatment from efavirenz to a protease inhibitor was accompanied by improvements in the desired urinary Histoplasma antigen level and plasma itraconazole concentration.	2
Treatment with isoniazid and ethambutol led to total recovery from pulmonary tuberculosis.	2
His immune system at this time was almost completely depleted.	2
She developed edema, swelling, erythema, and vesicles on her eyelids.	2
Intracranial pathological changes can occur as a result of impaired craniocervical venous return.	2
A hypertensive women was treated throughout pregnancy with propranolol 40 mg daily without complication.	2
In the third patient akathisia was sufficiently controlled by dose reduction.	2
Multiple foci of axonal degeneration and demyelination were found in the optic nerves and chiasm, the superficial layers of the brainstem, and spinal cord and to some extent in other cranial nerves and spinal nerve roots.	2
Postoperative bacteriological cultures were negative, and microscopic analysis confirmed the diagnosis.	2
Two young male patients with severe erythrodermic psoriasis and pustular episodes have both been successfully treated with a combination of methotrexate and etretinate for a period of 21/2 years.	2
A 57-year-old white male with unresectable pancreatic cancer received capecitabine in combination with radiation therapy followed by capecitabine alone given over approximately a 3-month time period.	2
The catheter had been in place for 28 months for administration of a 27 month course of intravenous cefotaxime for an unsubstantiated diagnosis of chronic Lyme disease.	2
She was admitted to the authors' department with a deep corneal ulcer in the right eye for which she had been treated for 3 weeks with local antibiotics without any improvement.	2
RESULTS: Complete thrombosis of the mycotic aneurysms was achieved in all patients.	2
There are two types of priapism; ischemic low-flow type or non-ischemic high flow, with differing etiologies.	2
Two months later, Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia developed.	2
These findings suggested vasospasm or dissection, presumably related to hypertension and/or angiitis or vasoconstriction of large cerebral arteries leading to local thrombosis as a result of stasis and sympathomimetic-induced platelet activation.	2
The onset of this endocrine syndrome appeared to coincide with a more aggressive phase of the course of small cell carcinoma.	2
In view of the known leukemogenic effect of cytotoxic drugs, we presume that chemotherapy played a role in the pathogenesis of malignant myelosclerosis in these two patients.	2
INVESTIGATIONS: Physical examination, blood and urine analyses, kidney biopsy and tonicity balance.	2
Unwanted corticosteroid effects in childhood bone marrow failure, renal failure and brain damage: case report.	2
Chloroquine treatment remains the most common single treatment of malaria in sub-Saharan Africa.	2
At the University of California at San Diego (UCSD) Cancer Center, 115 patients with advanced intra-abdominal malignant conditions have been treated with several intraperitoneal chemotherapy programs.	2
RESULTS: The panuveitis and retinal periphlebitis began to resolve within one week; however, ten days after the last corticosteroid dose, the patient was hospitalized with the diagnosis of cerebral venous thrombosis.	2
Monitoring of liver enzymes was not performed during the treatment period.	2
The role of antiemetics is invaluable in allowing cancer patients to complete otherwise potentially intolerable chemotherapy.	2
A diagnosis of severe lithium toxicity was made and the patient was admitted to the telemetry unit.	2
METHODS: Due to the lack of efficacy of subsequent treatment of conventional and other atypical neuroleptics, treatment with clozapine was restarted after discontinuation.	2
DIAGNOSIS: Fanconi syndrome with proximal (type II) renal tubular acidosis caused by myeloma kidney.	2
A pulmonary embolus and hepatic and renal infarcts were then found.	2
Discontinuation of these two antibiotics results in an immediate decline of the thrombocyte count to normal values within three weeks.	2
The possible underlying electrophysiological mechanisms of this phenomenon are discussed in this paper.	2
Thoracoscopic wedge resection of left upper lung performed 10 days before patient's death showed severe pulmonary fibrosis with prominent hyperplasia of alveolar macrophages and type II pneumocytes.	2
A recheck of blood chemistries confirmed hyponatremia.	2
Then, they quickly decreased to 35 and 75% on the 10th day, and 6 months later, they became 16 and <3% of the control, respectively.	2
Camptocormia induced by atypical antipsychotics and resolved by electroconvulsive therapy.	2
Perforated appendicitis was a coincidental event following IVF and embryo transfer.	2
A 21-year-old woman developed epilepsy, disturbance of mental state, and spastic tetraparesis during the convalescent period after acute viral encephalitis.	2
Also, it may uncover underlying atrial arrhythmias by slowing the ventricular response.	2
There have only been three reports of Mycobacterium chelonae prosthetic infection of which two cases were associated with total hip arthroplasty and one with total knee arthroplasty and no reports of both Mycobacterium tuberculosis and M. chelonae occurring in the same joint.	2
The peritoneal dialysis catheter was removed in 53% of cases, although this was rarely considered necessary for cure of tuberculosis.	2
However, in rare instances, hemorrhagic pancreatitis or necrosis may occur.	2
In conclusion, the diagnosis of leflunomide-pulmonary-renal syndrome was rendered.	2
No oligodendroglias with intranuclear inclusions were found.	2
We labeled this new entity as a "plastobezoar".	2
A full-term newborn developed oliguric renal failure at 24 hr of life, which persisted for several days.	2
The second patient was a 4-day-old neonate with congenital precursor-B cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia who presented with spontaneous TLS complicated by renal dysfunction.	2
AP-ROP in an infant with minimal oxygen exposure.	2
It is mainly adolescents who are experimenting with these plants.	2
He was initially treated with intravenous fluids and opiate analgesia.	2
Two cases are presented with complicated FMF.	2
FK506 is an immunosuppressant that is thought to be less nephrotoxic than cyclosporine A.	2
Medication can induce severe ulcerations.	2
Three of the patients experienced myalgia and muscle cramps.	2
In an effort to destroy verrucous growth, the authors have attempted to alter the genetic structure of these obstinate, benign warty lesions by using the antibiotic, bleomycin sulfate.	2
Danazol and multiple hepatic adenomas: peculiar clinical findings in an acromegalic patient.	2
However, the thrombocytosis did not resolve.	2
The progress and management of this complication are described in the patient is being reported.	2
Eur J Paediatr Neurol 2002;6(3):153-9.].	2
Diffuse pulmonary uptake of labeled leukocytes was observed in all three individuals.	2
Although adverse sequelae to these episodes of hypertension were not noticed, this report documents the uptake of phenylephrine from topical ocular application and suggests the need for dose-response measurements for this adjunct to mydriatic treatment in dogs.	2
This case highlights the potential of ritonavir interactions even with local injections of a corticosteroid.	2
Remission of clinical signs in early Duchenne muscular dystrophy on intermittent low-dosage prednisolone therapy.	2
Four patients did not receive MB and all recovered only after 48 h.	2
A periodic examination of the nasal septum should be undertaken in patients with ABPA and rhinitis on long term inhaled oral and intranasal corticosteroids along with oral corticosteroids.	2
Alopecia is a rare but important side effect of anti-parkinsonian medications.	2
Metamizole use by Latino immigrants: a common and potentially harmful home remedy.	2
Levosimendan infusion was started at the sixth hour of cardiopulmonary bypass circulation.	2
In our patient, histology showed aspects of drug-induced skin reaction without vasculitis.	2
This responded promptly to Dantrolene and Bromocriptene.	2
Although there is a presumed drug-drug interaction between itraconazole and nonnucleoside reverse-transcriptase inhibitors, the medical literature lacks such documentation.	2
Because relapse of histoplasmosis may occur as long as nine years after treatment, immunocompromised patients being treated with ketoconazole must have close long-term clinical follow-up.	2
At ophthalmic review, the tumour had apparently completely regressed.	2
A case of a 32-year-old woman with aquagenic syringeal acrokeratoderma is presented.	2
Linezolid is a recent addition to the antibiotic armamentarium against Gram-positive bacteria, including multiresistant staphylococci and enterococci.	2
Possible risk of invasive pulmonary aspergillosis with marijuana use during chemotherapy for small cell lung cancer.	2
One week after the surgery, the patient developed a corneoscleral perforation with iris prolapse.	2
The association between choroidal neovascularization (CNV) and retinal vein occlusive disease is uncommon.	2
Prolonged dexmedetomidine infusion as an adjunct in treating sedation-induced withdrawal.	2
CONCLUSION: This case identifies another potential etiological factor in the development of TMA after renal transplantation.	2
Gastro-intestinal side-effects, however, have not been reported in clinical studies dealing with treatment of vasospasm following subarachnoid haemorrhage.	2
Development of hypertension in neuroblastoma during therapy: a case report.	2
Despite progress to apparently complete remission, all manifested pulmonary nodules on computed tomography during or at the end of treatment.	2
Because the patient remained bradycardic on postoperative day 11 (HR 64 beats/min; mean 75), terbutaline was titrated to a dosage of 5 mg every 8 hours.	2
Concentrations of brompheniramine and dextromethorphan were measured in both postmortem blood and liver specimens using a gas chromatograph equipped with a nitrogen-phosphorus detector.	2
Discontinuation of chlormadinone acetate resulted in decline of the serum PSA level.	2
Enterovirus was detected by the polymerase chain reaction (PCR) in two samples of pleural fluid that were obtained 21 days apart while he was alive.	2
Investigations disclosed severe deficiency of all four vitamin K-dependent factors and a functional defect of platelets.	2
KS is a rare complication in glomerular diseases that may (or may not) be related to immunosuppression.	2
A 48-year-old woman with multiple myeloma, developed progressive neurological disturbances one year after the bone marrow remission.	2
Tigecycline is a broad-spectrum antimicrobial agent structurally related to minocycline.	2
Ocular involvement in benign botulism B.	2
METHODS: We report a case of primary CMV gastritis in a renal transplant recipient.	2
Patients with cancer are especially vulnerable to the development of hyper- and hypocalcemia.	2
After taking this treatment for 1 month, she presented with fever, diarrhea, localized edemas, generalized pruritic papular and erythematous rash and lymphadenopathies.	2
We report an example of ACC and review the relevant literature.	2
METHODS AND RESULTS: At 6 weeks after renal transplantation, a 57-year-old woman presented with TMA.	2
Lithium may help correct a chemical imbalance in the brain; however, it has a comparatively narrow therapeutic index.	2
Six months later, a small amount of large to medium-sized VWFMs was still present, but at 7-8 months, the pattern of VWFMs became almost the same as that before infusion.	2
Intermittent or interrupted therapy appears to be a significant risk factor for the development of this complication.	2
Nitrous oxide produces irreversible oxidation to the Co++ and Co forms that renders vitamin B12 inactive.	2
CONCLUSION: Massive subchorionic hematomas may be observed in patients after thrombolytic therapy.	2
CONCLUSION: In conclusion, because of increased lymphoid malignancy risk, ovarian masses in JRA patients should be carefully evaluated.	2
Corticosteroids have an established place in the prevention and treatment of nausea and vomiting due to emetogenic cytotoxic agents.	2
INVESTIGATIONS: Physical examination, cerebral MRI, brain biopsy, skin biopsy, immunohistochemistry, bronchoscopy with bronchoalveolar lavage, and laboratory tests.	2
A 66-year-old woman had a sudden onset of small-bowel obstruction during enzymatic treatment for gastric persimmon bezoar.	2
Kluyvera species are opportunistic, gram-negative bacilli in the family Enterobacteriaceae.	2
Prothrombin complex concentrates (PCCs) and, more recently, activated prothrombin complex concentrates (APCCs), are widely used for the treatment of active bleeding in haemophiliacs with inhibitors.	2
OBJECTIVE: This case discusses a rare but devastating complication of transforaminal epidural injection.	2
Results: Four of the aviators continued on active duty for years.	2
Presumed reactivation of herpes zoster ophthalmicus following laser in situ keratomileusis.	2
The daily VPA dose was increased to 1500 mg, and olanzapine was introduced.	2
Our aim is to raise awareness of this drug, which is commonly used outside the United States, and to call attention to its well-known and potentially lethal side effect.	2
At the bedside, nurses play a pivotal role in early recognition and treatment, the key to survival.	2
Four adolescents who used St.	2
We report a case of successful management of iatrogenic intravitreal triamcinolone acetonide for intermediate uveitis.	2
Unfortunately, they have a number of important side effects including the potentiation or exacerbation of metabolic acidosis.	2
No severe side effects occurred, except for slight pain in the nodules after infusion and an urticarial reaction at the tumor sites.	2
Thiazolidinedione drugs are in widespread use for the treatment of type 2 diabetes.	2
Loss of speech after orthotopic liver transplantation.	2
Hematological toxicity was moderate even at the 100 mg/m2 dose level.	2
Reversible posterior leukoencephalopathy syndrome (RPLS) is a syndrome manifested by headache, nausea, vomiting, seizures, cortical blindness, and visual disturbances.	2
The patient was treated with glycyrrhizin, and his EP resolved.	2
Her liver displayed reduced volume and there was a mild accumulation of ascitic fluid in the retroperitoneal cavity.	2
Liposomal amphotericin B for the treatment of systemic fungal infections in patients with cancer: a preliminary study.	2
No virus particles were detected by electron microscope.	2
The former is thought to be related to central nervous system dopaminergic hyperactivity, while the latter is known to be related to dopamine deficiency.	2
The authors report a case of severe lactic acidosis in a 3-year-old boy, after 20 days of total parenteral nutrition without vitamin supplementation.	2
We present this report to alert physicians and pharmacists about the potential risk of the first-dose phenomenon even at the recommended initial doses of prazosin in hypertensive patients who have suffered a recent stroke.	2
EEG changes were diffuse spike and wave complexes and disappeared after discontinuation of therapy.	2
There was no loss of consciousness.	2
The remaining lesions were treated with curette and cryotherapy.	2
Foscarnet is used as therapy of cytomegalovirus (CMV) infection in immunosuppressed subjects.	2
BACKGROUND: Copaxone (glatiramer acetate) is a synthetic copolymer mimicking a portion of myelin basic protein, one of several putative autoantigens in multiple sclerosis (MS).	2
Pulmonary capillaritis as a manifestation of acute humoral allograft rejection following infant lung transplantation.	2
Management consisted of supportive care including antibiotics and antifungal therapy, transfusion of red blood cells and fresh frozen plasma.	2
No further deterioration in the systemic disease occurred.	2
She was treated with intramuscular injections of methotrexate 20 mg/wk.	2
As with our patient, many of these case reports described clinicians who overlooked thrombosis due to HDAs because the patients did not have HIT.	2
Evidence for zanamivir resistance in an immunocompromised child infected with influenza B virus.	2
Acetazolamide (AZ) is mostly excreted in the urine, therefore, the blood levels of AZ often tend to increase in patients with chronic renal failure.	2
Alleged medical abandonment in chronic opioid analgesic therapy: case report.	2
Thus, olanzapine dose reduction may permit treatment continuation where this is clinically indicated.	2
A severe form of Erythema multiforme (EM), diagnosed as Stevens-Johnson syndrome (SJS) was detected in a 10-year-old Indian male child who took herbal medication of plant origin prescribed by a traditional healer for remission of his fever.	2
This approach might represent a promising new strategy for treatment of proteinuria after kidney transplantation.	2
Candida shunt infection appears to occur by either contamination at the time of shunt placement or by hematogenous dissemination.	2
The second patient developed similar symptoms on day 3 of treatment with 2500 mg/m2.	2
One of the postulated mechanisms of action is the release of endogenous opioids and/or the stimulation of opioid receptors in the central nervous system (CNS).	2
Pulmonary thromboembolism was diagnosed, based on: (1) blood gas analysis findings of hypoxemia and (2) defective images in both of the upper lobes on urgent pulmonary blood flow scintigram.	2
Vitreous touch after phacoemulsification.	2
Cutaneous reaction to drugs used for erectile dysfunction: case report and review of the literature.	2
Rifabutin therapy has been demonstrated to be effective in the treatment and prophylaxis of MAC infection.	2
Close patient monitoring is advisable in these types of patients.	2
In both cases, the timing and dose of disulfiram was known.	2
As combination of chemotherapy and Gemtuzumab may become a common induction regimen for CD33+ AML patients, there is no report assessing the safety and toxicity of a re-treatment at relapse with such combination in a same patient.	2
At the age of 12, a prematurely born boy with an otherwise unremarkable past medical history developed bilateral optic neuritis associated with transverse myelopathy.	2
A 36-year-old man presented with small-bowel obstruction secondary to a large, diffuse mesenteric desmoid six years following colectomy and ileoproctostomy.	2
Symptoms resolved without consequence 48 hours after discontinuation of venlafaxine.	2
This finding was repeatedly documented both clinically as well as during electrophysiologic testing.	2
PURPOSE: This paper reviews five newly diagnosed cases of DM type 1 in Israeli Air Force aviators that presented over the last 15 yr.	2
Silent acute myocardial infarction following a wasp sting.	2
She recovered spontaneously within several days, making transplantation unnecessary.	2
When children wheeze Would no one please provide their medicine blindly: for this might ease their young demise and that would be unkindly.	2
Treatment with terbutaline was continued for 13 days and was well tolerated.	2
A second opinion concurred.	2
The endophthalmitis recurred after the medical treatment was discontinued.	2
This complication occurred 14 days after the commencement of highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART) for advanced HIV infection.	2
METHODS: A 79-year-old woman was hospitalized in our unit with posterior thoracic pain and urinary retention of 72 hours duration.	2
With the weekly schedule, new types of toxicity have been described and we report four patients who have developed a severe sensory-motor neuropathy with the chemotherapy which appears to be drug-related.	2
RESULTS: A 76-year-old woman developed X maltophilia endophthalmitis after cataract extraction.	2
This appearance should be considered as a possible false positive in patients undergoing such treatment who are being investigated with PET scans.	2
Post BMT she developed acute grade II graft-vs.-host disease (aGVHD) requiring high-dose steroids and anti-thymocyte globulin.	2
All patients were successfully treated with intravenous acyclovir.	2
Risks from use of a prescription drug for other than the intended patient are also highlighted by this episode of poisoning.	2
Back pain and opioid seeking behaviour.	2
PSL was commonly effective in inducing remission in very elderly patients (7 of 9 patients; 78%).	2
PRCA developed 3 years after the thymectomy and she was successfully treated with cyclosporin.	2
METHODS: A retrospective review of 136 central line (Broviacs [B], Port-A- Caths [PC] and Hickmans [HC]) removals during the last 5 years was undertaken.	2
Diffuse cutaneous leishmaniasis (DCL) is a rare anergic variant of leishmanial infection with the characteristic presentation of numerous nonulcerating nodules with an abundant parasite load, lack of visceral involvement, negative reaction to the leishmanin skin test, and a chronic course with incomplete response to treatment and frequent relapses.	2
No change in thrombus size was seen on a followup echocardiogram after 4 days.	2
Although the true frequency of adverse fetal effects has yet to be determined, because of the debilitating and lethal nature of the fetal damage when it occurs, it is our recommendation that ACE inhibitors not be used in pregnancy, particularly in the second and third trimesters.	2
The use of such chemotherapy regimens in Ewing's tumours should be carefully considered, particularly when radiotherapy encompassing the spinal cord is an essential component of management.	2
PURPOSE: Standard therapy of mycotic aneurysms in the descending aorta consists of thoracotomy and in situ graft placement or extraanatomic bypass.	2
Subsequent relaxation training inhibited vomiting after two sessions.	2
This case emphasizes the importance ot considering neoplastic disease as a potential hazard associated with the use of immunosuppressive drugs.	2
Adverse reaction to prednisone in a patient with systemic lupus erythematosus.	2
Long-term clinical experience with many of these agents has revealed nonglycemic effects on lipid levels, inflammation, and cardiovascular function.	2
Drug-drug interaction between itraconazole and efavirenz in a patient with AIDS and disseminated histoplasmosis.	2
Within 60 min after start of treatment the effective valve area increased (1.41 cm2), and the pulmonary capillary wedge pressure decreased.	2
A 29-year-old man had continued treatment with anti-epileptic drugs under the diagnosis of epilepsy for 13 years.	2
Even in a patient undergoing posterior lumbar interbody fusion using a metal cage, magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) might be able to diagnose epidural abscesses and diskitis when titanium alloy implants are used.	2
After a 8-year follow-up since transplantation, the patient is free from dyspnea, angina, and adverse cardiovascular events.	2
Paecilomyces lilacinus infection in a liver transplant patient: case report and review of the literature.	2
A 71-year-old woman who had critical cerebral ischemia secondary to a carotid artery occlusion was receiving high-dose intravenous phenylephrine for a trial of hypertensive therapy.	2
This case raises important questions about non-ketotic, hyperosmolar diabetic coma with antipsychotics, the possible association between hyperglycaemia and hyperthermia, and the direction of causality in this, the recognition of either syndrome when they co-exist and management issues in such patients.	2
CONCLUSION: The pigmented cellular membranes observed on these silicone lenses were visually significant to each patient.	2
It responds well to conventional treatment along with the discontinuance of rifabutin.	2
In this report and other reports describing successful resuscitation, the total dose of sodium bicarbonate is conspicuously higher than in reports describing extracorporeal interventions.	2
Further post-marketing surveys are required.	2
It is extremely resistant to standard treatment, and confers a poor prognosis for this disease.	2
Fatal agranulocytosis: the use of olanzapine in a patient with schizophrenia and myelodysplasia.	2
Using anti-CD79a as a B-cell marker is mandatory to overcome the difficulties in identifying these tumors.	2
The autofluorescence technique was used to predict the risk of CNV in the fellow eye.	2
Tc-99m labelled Anti CD 66 monoclonal antibody imaging is a useful, noninvasive approach to the assessment of bone marrow reserve under such circumstances.	2
A smear for acid-fast bacilli or a culture was positive in 73% of cases.	2
During hospitalization, he was treated with regular insulin and 300 mg/day of acarbose.	2
We suggest that oversecretions of GH and IGF-I were strong promoting factors for liver tumorigenesis in this patient.	2
Analgesic agents and a change from intravenous to oral administration of cyclosporine were ineffective in controlling the pain.	2
In contrast to two other reported cases, our patient was not overtly immunosuppressed.	2
It is concluded that EBV-LPD should be included in the differential diagnosis in patients in whom lymphadenopathy develops after autologous stem cell rescue.	2
Although HAART is very important in the treatment of HIV, its side effects are responsible for patients' non-adherence to medications.	2
DHP often reduces the number of platelets, also DHP needs a lot of heparin, therefore, we should have performed HD alone instead of DHP.	2
We review the medical literature and discuss the risks of using recombinant factor VIIa to control severe bleeding after cardiac surgery.	2
CASE REPORT: The safety of combination therapy with nab-paclitaxel, an albumin-bound paclitaxel, and sunitinib, a tyrosine kinase receptor inhibitor, was evaluated retrospectively in three patients with advanced, previously treated metastatic esophageal cancer, non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), and small cell lung cancer (SCLC), respectively.	2
Furthermore, these results also indicated that a low-dosage IV-Ig therapy is effective enough for hemostatic management for programmed surgery.	2
The white matter was affected by severe myelin pallor, edema, and a prominent macrophage infiltrate in each of the cases.	2
Systemic absorption of oral vancomycin in a peripheral blood stem cell transplant patient with severe graft-versus-host disease of the gastrointestinal tract.	2
BACKGROUND: Posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome (PRES) is characterized by abnormalities in cerebral white matter and neurologic symptoms.	2
If opioid drugs are administered before a diagnostic hepatobiliary scan, delayed clearance of Tc-IDA from the common bile duct might lead to an erroneous diagnosis and indicate a potentially unnecessary common bile duct exploration.	2
The safety and efficacy of enfuvirtide therapy for HIV infection in patients with hemophilia: a case series.	2
Transient panhypogammaglobulinaemia and B-lymphocyte deficiency in a patient with neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus after immunosuppressive therapy.	2
Seven patients only smoked at night-time (median dose eight puffs, range two to eight puffs), and eight patients used cannabis mainly during the day (median dose three puffs, range two to eight puffs); the median frequency of use was four times per day (range one to 16 times per day).	2
The patient was treated with intraparotid injections of botulinum toxin.	2
In addition, known and/or possible mechanisms of the disorders are discussed.	2
Report of two cases.	2
In India, traditional therapy with herbal preparation (Ayurvedic medicine) is not uncommon.	2
HMSN is diagnosed in most cases retrospectively, usually suggested by the observation of foot abnormalities or family history.	2
Though the acute complications of lithium toxicity involving the central nervous system have been known for more than 70 years, it is only recently that the longlasting sequelae of lithium intoxication have come to be discussed at length; about fifty-five cases have been reported so far.	2
He had a history of subtotal gastrectomy.	2
Long-term treatment with high-dose corticosteroids exposes patients to potentially serious adverse effects.	2
A single site of oozing was injected with epinephrine.	2
Laboratory results indicated hypomagnesemia, hypocalcemia, hypokalemia, and hypophosphatemia.	2
On the first occasion she experienced arterial fibrillation secondary to a severe episode of hypotension following local anaesthesia, while on a course of beta-blockers.	2
During this period, urine losses of monovalent cation were only 55 mEq and body weight was constant at 48.2 kg.	2
We report the outcomes of two pregnancies with first trimester disulfiram exposure.	2
We report a 12 1/2-year-old girl with acute lymphoblastic leukemia, who developed rapidly growing FCC of the thyroid, 3 years after bone marrow transplantation.	2
In order to evaluate whether this rise in lactate could have occurred without requiring additional net lactic acid production, the effect of the hydrogen ion concentration on lactate distribution was evaluated.	2
BACKGROUND: Medical therapy for thrombosed valve in pregnancy has become an acceptable alternative to surgery, especially in hemodynamically compromised patients.	2
Hence, immunosuppression treatment should be carefully planned in glomerulonephritis treatment and avoided if they are not essentially necessary.	2
PURPOSE: To report a case of herpes zoster ophthalmicus reactivation following laser in situ keratomileusis (LASIK) for myopia.	2
Improvement was dose-dependent, and was limited by irritability and action tremor when the patient was taking 1,600 mg per day.	2
Electrodiagnostic studies at variable points during the disease course showed signs of acquired demyelination consistent with CIDP.	2
Case report and literature review.	2
Five cases are presented that demonstrate the effectiveness of diazepam and its close relative clorazepate in controlling this problem.	2
The use of 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D (1,25-OH2 D) plus calcium may be superior to the use of calcium alone in some forms of osteoporosis.	2
The mean follow-up was 33 months (range, 26-48 months), and the mean treatment duration was 22.6 months (range, 13-32 months).	2
John's Wort while under psychiatric care are described.	2
He had previously received several treatments including two courses of fludarabine.	2
CONCLUSION: Endovascular stent-grafts combined with antibiotic therapy may be an alternative to conventional thoracotomy in managing mycotic aneurysms of the descending thoracic aorta.	2
New observations, including CT scan findings and experience with treatment by praziquantel.	2
After forty-eight hours, he developed jaundice and transaminasemia, which subsided by the eighth day.	2
Nimodipine: evidence for clinically significant gastrointestinal side-effects.	2
In the immunocompetent host, antiviral therapy can successfully treat herpesvirus respiratory infection, with reversal of clinical, virologic, and pathologic findings.	2
The presentation and progression of drug-induced ocular cicatricial pemphigoid can be variable.	2
Ten of these 12 patients also developed severe pulmonary edema.	2
The increasing number of Latinos in the United States and the extensive cross-border transfer of medicines raise concerns that metamizole use and associated complications may become more frequent.	2
The causative relationship was proven by challenge.	2
Hiccupping is a characteristic noise caused by a sudden closure of the glottis after repeated, involuntary, spasmodic contraction of the respiratory muscles.	2
A whitish plaque in the lips and bilateral buccal mucosa, burning, taste disturbance, and xerostomia were observed.	2
There was no enhancement of the cyst wall and no pericystic oedema.	2
We describe a case of significant and potentially toxic absorption of oral vancomycin in a peripheral blood stem cell transplant patient with grade IV graft-versus-host disease (GVHD) of the GI tract.	2
PURPOSE: To evaluate the long-term efficacy and side effects of off-label topical tacrolimus 0.03% ointment (Protopic; Fujisawa Health, Deerfield, IL) as a sole second-line immunosuppressive agent in the management of high-risk corneal grafts.	2
Bone injury while undergoing electro-convulsive therapy is thought to be rare.	2
In contrast to that in other nephropathies, the role of renin-angiotensin blockade in kidney transplantation is less well defined, and its anti-proteinuric effect is markedly reduced in the presence of segmental glomerulosclerosis.	2
Recovery was observed with supportive therapy after 2 and 1 weeks, respectively.	2
A case of immunosuppressive measles (rubeola) encephalitis in a 12-year-old boy in remission from acute lymphoblastic leukemia is described.	2
A 22-year-old female with renal failure secondary to focal segmental glomerulosclerosis underwent a deceased donor kidney transplant and presented 3 months later with pyelonephritis; the urine culture grew Kluyvera ascorbata.	2
The liver damage was probably related to metabolic idiosyncrasy, and was reversible in all patients.	2
The literature concerning formalin therapy is reviewed.	2
The favourable influence of PCS on the depressive syndrome is considered to be largely linked to the anticholinergic effect of the drugs.	2
Intravesical formalin instillation has been performed in a patient with massive bladder hemorrhage secondary to radiation cystitis.	2
Minimally invasive repair of a left ventricular pseudoaneurysm after surgical patch reconstruction of an infarct-related free posterior wall rupture: CT-guided intervention.	2
Addition of lithium carbonate resulted in a sustained remission with maintenance treatments.	2
No neurological deficits occurred during the further course of the disease.	2
In each case, some degree of recovery followed discontinuation of the statin medication.	2
Considering the increasing use of TMZ, which is regarded as a drug with moderate toxicity, careful follow-up with routine blood testing is vital.	2
Venous thrombembolism, thrombophilic defects, combined oral contraception and anticoagulation.	2
Failure of blood pressure to increase following erythropoietin therapy in the renoprival status.	2
Five of 157 (3.2%) patients with small cell carcinoma were clinically diagnosed as having the ectopic ACTH syndrome.	2
Amyloidosis is the most severe complication of the disease.	2
The catheter had no blood return from either lumen for >1 month.	2
Thus this patient's hyponatremia cannot be accounted for solely by changes in external water and electrolyte balance; the rapidity with which changes were produced suggests that osmolar inactivation, probably intracellularly, may contribute to the severe hypotonicity seen in some patients.	2
SETTING: Gimbel Eye Centre, Calgary, Alberta, Canada.	2
An extensive MEDLINE search located 22 other reports of patients who developed HDAs, sometimes associated with thrombosis, but whose platelet counts did not decrease.	2
After discontinuing those drugs, the ST segment elevation in leads V(1) and V(2) became reduced.	2
Follow-up ranged from 3 to to15 months.	2
She was subsequently rendered euthyroid with radioiodine treatment.	2
To our knowledge, this is the first report of this syndrome related to vinorelbine therapy.	2
In one of these patients olanzapine was well tolerated when reintroduced in combination with lorazepam after complete remission of akathisia.	2
We describe the case of a premature baby who developed a rapidly expanding aneurysm of the descending thoracic aorta, secondary to a highly placed infected umbilical catheter.	2
This case is similar to four other cases described in the literature and to the neuroleptic malignant syndrome.	2
There may be an interval of one or more months after discontinuation of cyclophosphamide therapy before clinical or radiological improvement occurs.	2
We concluded that an adequate dose of steroids can be the first line of therapy for PRCA after ABO-mismatched allogeneic stem cell transplantation.	2
A full vasculitis screen was negative.	2
However, it would be emphasized that the side-effects of the drugs could be considered as one of the etiologica factors causing the glial abnormality.	2
Clinical signs of peripheral neuropathy developed 2 weeks and 12 months after the initiation of TNF-alpha antagonists.	2
This patient adds to the growing literature of a second malignancy occurring after prolonged successful chemotherapy of a primary neoplasm.	2
None of the patients had experienced visual hallucinations before this event.	2
The ACAD is defined as a diffuse process affecting the entire length of epicardial vessels.	2
Although asymptomatic, the biochemical abnormality improved after discontinuation of carbamazepine.	2
A 15-year-old boy with previously normal thyroid function is described who developed hypothyroid goiter within six weeks following bipedal lymphography.	2
Clinical trials are warranted to test these effects.	2
OBJECTIVES: To describe the dissolution of a large organized intraatrial catheter-tip thrombus using a novel aggressive dose escalation of tissue plasminogen activator infusion.	2
Nimesulide is a new nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory (NSAID) drug with antipyretic and analgesic properties.	2
The infant's fractional excretion of sodium was very low (0.5%) pointing for a severe vasoconstrictive mechanism involved.	2
The relevant literature is reviewed; a case history is presented; and implications for nursing care (e.g., early detection) are discussed.	2
These four cases, with their varied presenting symptoms, clinical courses, and degree of pathology, emphasize the importance of considering toxic leukoencephalopathy as an etiology of acute neurologic deterioration following high-dose chemotherapy.	2
OBJECTIVE: To describe a newly recognized adverse effect of imiquimod.	2
The episodes of ocular dystonia were associated with other dystonic movements and a number of psychiatric symptoms, with obsessional thoughts and hallucinations being the outstanding features in one patient each.	2
Here we report our experience with three of these patients, who experienced progressive disease after a variety of previous therapies, including prior immunotherapies, and who achieved good outcomes with ipilimumab.	2
The edema disappeared within 24 hr after stopping the infusion therapy.	2
Here we present a forty-two-year-old Caucasian female with altered mental status, inability to eat, speak or walk properly, with shaking and vomiting for three days.	2
Two unsuccessful attempts were made to repair the valve which was finally replaced, requiring cardiopulmonary bypass of 317 min.	2
After this episode, she showed the rapid destructive stage of the Rett syndrome, i.e., severe psychomotor retardation with loss of speech, peculiar stereotypic hand movements, autistic behavior and seizures.	2
Management of upper gastrointestinal haemorrhage complicating dual anti-platelet therapy.	2
Phenylephrine dosages for topical use ranged from 50 to 367 times greater than the i.v. dose required to increase arterial pressure by 50% in anesthetized dogs.	2
The third was a 16-year-old male who developed a profound peripheral and central neuropathy after chemotherapy treatment for T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia.	2
Rasburicase for the management of tumor lysis syndrome in neonates.	2
This phenotype is reminiscent of the Baller-Gerold syndrome.	2
INTRODUCTION: Chronic constipation is a common symptom in pediatrics, and physicians often use mineral oil to treat chronic constipation in children.	2
Kaposi's sarcoma (KS) is an unusual tumor principally affecting the skin of the lower extremities.	2
This case illustrated the importance of early diagnosis of sympathetically mediated chest pain and role of Stellate ganglion block.	2
Acute pancreatitis is a rarely reported adverse effect.	2
BACKGROUND: There are many reports on the complications that occur at the time of insertion and during the life of central venous indwelling catheters.	2
They are proof of a disturbed GABA metabolism in pyridoxine dependent seizures.	2
Six months after the onset of type 1 diabetes mellitus, the patient continues to receive 40 units of insulin daily.	2
Antitumor activity was observed in four patients.	2
Both infants continued on medical therapy until they reached 1 month of age.	2
Repeated exposure and rechallenge of the subject to sulindac was deemed too dangerous, and precludes exact method to establish mechanisms to explain this transient, reproducible, idiosyncratic, adverse drug reaction.	2
Physical examination showed slate gray discoloration of her skin, most pronounced on the face and neck.	2
Radiation therapy was not given.	2
Neurological problems are a frequent occurrence in patients given this therapy, particularly cerebellar ataxia, but the development of bulbar and pseudobulbar palsy has not been reported.	2
In conclusion, the locally prepared LC was able to control the bleeding episodes in a haemophilia A patient with high inhibitor.	2
All psychotropic medications were held except for a benzodiazepine.	2
In one infant the hemorrhage was accompanied by communicating hydrocephalus.	2
Because OK-432 (penicillin-treated and heat-treated lyophilized powder by a substrain of Streptococcus pyogenes A) was expected to be effective for immunosuppression, we tried its topical injection.	2
This case reminds physicians of the importance of drug reactions, their severity, techniques for diagnosis and methods of management.	2
The conglomerate of plastic threads, entrapped food material and other debris, formed a huge mass occupying the whole stomach.	2
METHODS: Ten patients with long standing primary CBCL (3 with follicular CBCL, 5 with cutaneous, large B-cell lymphoma, 1 with diffuse large cell lymphoma, and 1 with extranodal large cell lymphoma) were treated by intravenous application of a chimeric antibody against the CD20 transmembrane antigen that is present on malignant and normal B-cells.	2
A case report of Cheyletiella infestation on a Whippet dog in Korea.	2
After analysis of the case, ruling out other possibilities and using the Naranjo probability scale, we found that there is a highly probable likelihood that the symptoms presented by our patient were secondary to his drug therapy.	2
Evans syndrome refers to a hematological autoimmune disorder with autoimmune hemolytic anemia accompanied by immune thrombocytopenia.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Rasburicase appears to be well tolerated and effective in lowering serum urate concentrations in the treatment of therapy-related TLS in neonates.	2
During the past 10 y, 25 children with a mean age of 2 y were admitted for clonidine intoxication.	2
However, just after dilation, the patient complained of ocular pain and blurred vision on the right, which was subsequently diagnosed as retinal artery embolization.	2
Clinicians should monitor patients closely for a decreased VPA effect when these medications are given concomitantly.	2
Reinstitution of intravenous anticholinergic medication provided relatively prompt relief.	2
Our patient's symptoms were resolved when tacrolimus was substituted for cyclosporine and amlodipine was initiated.	2
Seven days later, she had full-blown, severe hepatitis.	2
The net effect of anabolic-androgenic steroids on the haemostatic system may change from antithrombotic to prothrombotic in male abusers of anabolic steroids with protein C deficiency.	2
Two days prior to admission, metoclopramide 10 mg orally three times per day was started for a gastrointestinal condition.	2
The case of a patient with CPH, who had marked epigastric symptoms with indomethacin treatment and responded well to topiramate 150 mg daily, is reported.	2
Sodium nitroprusside was stopped and amrinone 100 mg bolus followed by 10 micrograms.kg-1.min-1 was given in addition to adding PEEP to the ventilation.	2
When venlafaxine treatment was begun, their ocular pressure was steadily around 17-18 mmHg.	2
Mixed mania associated with tricyclic antidepressant therapy in prepubertal delusional depression: three cases.	2
Intractable hypomagnesemia was also a prominent feature.	2
At 12 months there was no evidence of recurrence though new nodular BCCs and SBCCs had developed elsewhere on his upper torso.	2
It can also be found in the United States, where illegal sales have been reported in California gift shops, markets, bakeries, and other retail establishments.	2
No renal or cardiac toxicity was observed.	2
Sputum cultures were positive for methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus, and intravenous vancomycin 1 g every 8 hours was added to the treatment regimen on hospital day 7.	2
BACKGROUND: Pseudoporphyria is a photosensitive bullous skin disease that is distinguished from porphyria cutanea tarda (PCT) by its normal porphyrin profile.	2
Cytomegalovirus pneumonia in a patient with breast cancer on chemotherapy: case report and review of the literature.	2
CASE REPORT: A 47-year-old woman presented with a spontaneous sternal fracture, precluding effective coughing.	2
CASE SUMMARY: An 85-year-old white man presented with an upper gastrointestinal hemorrhage from a gastric ulcer.	2
N-acetylcysteine and Unverricht-Lundborg disease: variable response and possible side effects.	2
We point out this case for its striking clinical picture and well-documented relation to immunoreconstitution to draw attention to this IRIS manifestation.	2
Parents were thoroughly questioned but we could not find out a new traumatic head event.	2
Naloxone may be an important adjunct to therapy.	2
The diagnosis was suspected in the setting of a negative anion gap and only later confirmed by direct measurement of the serum bromide level.	2
These studies indicate that gastrointestinal absorption of aluminum can lead to aluminum intoxication in children with azotemia, and that infants may be particularly susceptible to this complication of therapy.	2
Human anti-endoplasmic reticulum autoantibodies produced in aromatic anticonvulsant hypersensitivity reactions recognise rodent CYP3A proteins and a similarly regulated human P450 enzyme(s)	2
An additional 15 asymptomatic patients who were receiving high doses of oral niacin (1.0-6.0 g daily) for the treatment of hypercholesterolemia were evaluated for evidence of subclinical macular disease.	2
Thrombosis of prosthetic cardiac valves is a rare but potentially lethal complication.	2
To the best of our knowledge, this is the first report from Japan about contact dermatitis caused by this medication.	2
At the time of her first consultation at our clinic, the ultrasound examination showed a complete involution of her venous thrombosis.	2
Toxicology testing confirmed the presence of strychnine in blood, gastric aspirate, and urine.	2
PURPOSE: To illustrate the multiple causes of hypoxemia to be considered following cardiopulmonary bypass and how therapy given to improve oxygen delivery may have contributed to a decrease in arterial oxygen saturation to life-threatening levels.	2
Chest roentgenogram showed infiltration in the left lung field, and laboratory data revealed eosinophilia.	2
There were no other neurological abnormalities and more particularly, no seizures or myocloni were observed.	2
METHOD: Demonstration of the occurrence of agitated dysphoria after loss of response to an antidepressant following continuous administration through 7 years of euthymia; with a worsening on dose increase; and recurrence of agitation on re-exposure 1 year later; in a patient whose previous dysthymia and recurrent depressions had no recognizable manic or hypomanic features.	2
The report emphasizes a thorough and detailed assessment of deaths which occur during treatment with neuroleptic drugs.	2
Steroids are used extensively in modern medicine and dentistry for their anti-inflammatory and immunosuppressive properties.	2
Serum aluminum levels were significantly (P less than 0.001) higher in these 3 infants and in 1 other, all of whom received more than 100 mg of elemental aluminum per kilogram of body weight per day (mean +/- S.D., 371.0 +/- 178.9 ng per milliliter [13.75 +/- 6.6 mumol per liter] ) than they were in 8 older children with azotemia who were not undergoing dialysis and who received less than 100 mg of elemental aluminum per kilogram per day (27.0 +/- 18.6 ng per milliliter [1.0 +/- 0.68 mumol per liter] ), 7 such children who did not receive aluminum hydroxide (20.28 +/- 9.2 ng per milliliter [0.75 +/- 0.34 mumol per liter] ), and 16 children with normal renal function (21.04 +/- 4.9 ng per milliliter [0.78 +/- 0.18 mumol per liter] ).	2
His PSA nadir was <0.2 ng/mL and rose slowly over several months to 4.2 ng/mL, resolved, and then rose 2.3 ng/mL before again slowly resolving.	2
In those patients treated with beta blockers, decreased contractility and inability to increase heart rate further compromised cardiopulmonary function.	2
Similar phenomenon associated with gemcitabine, the only FDA-approved drug for pancreatic cancer, is rarely reported.	2
Doses of 0.8-1.0 mg/kg of L-AmpB were administered intravenously every 24-72 hr.	2
We report liver biopsy findings in a follow-up biopsy of a patient who had been switched from azathioprine to mycophenolate mofetil for treatment of presumed, steroid-responsive autoimmune hepatitis.	2
Knowledge of the stage of dental development at the time of oncology treatment and the type of therapy allows the clinician to predict dental effects of the chemoradiation.	2
CONCLUSIONS: Some patients may thus have a spuriously low cell count and may be unnecessarily denied effective treatment.	2
CIDP may occur early or late during the treatment course with TNF-alpha antagonists.	2
Finally, it was decreased to 40 BU in the 36th week.	2
The patient reported immediate and sustained improvement in his post herpetic neuralgia for over two months, without adverse effects from the calcitonin therapy.	2
The high rate of retinopathy in patients with hypertension suggests that patients should be carefully monitored.	2
Orthostatic hypotension was also noted at that visit, with a standing blood pressure measurement of 95/80 mm Hg.	2
At that time anti-tuberculous agents were also being administered for presumed tuberculosis.	2
Role of a long-acting somatostatin analogue (SMS 201-995) in the treatment of acromegaly.	2
Experience with the use of cytotoxic drugs in the first trimester of pregnancy is limited.	2
MEASUREMENTS: A large intraatrial catheter-tip thrombus (2.5 x 3 cm) was an incidental finding on an echocardiogram done to assess cardiac function.	2
Examination of the bronchoalveolar lavage fluid revealed an increased eosinophil count.	2
A 63-year-old man with diabetes mellitus for 15 years was admitted to our hospital in 1990 because of end-stage renal failure.	2
In such cases, conservative, nonsurgical measures, such as treatment with botulinum toxin, will provide excellent results.	2
One week after suspension, ocular pressure of the patients was 17 and 18 mmHg, respectively.	2
Cure followed therapy with antibiotic administration for 3 days combined with oral thiabendazole, suggesting parasitic infection as the most likely cause of meningitis.	2
She had a history of diabetes and angina pectoris.	2
Traditionally, charcoal haemoperfusion is used to remove the drug.	2
A 54-year-old woman had seizures and a focal neurologic deficit associated with hyponatremia induced by a thiazide diuretic.	2
Mycotic aneurysm of the descending thoracic aorta in a 2-kg neonate.	2
Thereafter the maintenance dose can be small and fluctuations in the illness do not seem to occur.	2
In case #2, the concentrations of quetiapine found were 16 mg/L in blood (42 micromol/L), 120 mg/kg (310 micromol/kg) in liver, and 1.8 mg/L (4.6 micromol/L) in vitreous fluid.	2
RESULTS: We found a slightly reduced visual acuity, a slowly increasing amount of yellow-white deposits on the posterior surface of the cornea and on the anterior part of the lens, a normal fundus appearance, and normal visual fields.	2
CASE SUMMARY: A 54-year-old white man received a heart transplant secondary to ischemic dilated cardiomyopathy.	2
As emergency surgical intervention of thrombotic prosthetic cardiac valves is correlated with high mortality, fibrinolytic therapy has been recently recommended as a therapy with high efficacy and no severe side effects.	2
S-A conduction through two pathways, the first with 2/1 block the second having 0.12-0.14 s longer conduction time and with occasional 2/1 block was proposed for the explanation of the alternating P-P interval and other electrocardiographic features seen.	2
Temozolomide is an oral alkylating agent used in the treatment of metastatic melanoma.	2
CASE REPORT: A 29-year-old black man, HIV-infected since 1996, began highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART) with zidovudine, lamivudine, and indinavir.	2
He was treated sequentially with prednisone and azathioprine (2 weeks), decreasing doses of prednisone alone (21 months), and no immunosuppressive drugs (10 months).	2
When camptocormia was diagnosed, olanzapine was withdrawn and levodopa was introduced.	2
Myasthenia-like syndrome induced by cardiovascular agents.	2
Strongyloides infection and meningitis in an immunocompromised host.	2
The patient underwent craniotomy, with resection of two lesions in close proximity within the parenchyma of the temporoparietal lobe.	2
Bone marrow aspiration and biopsy were diagnostic of pure red cell aplasia on a background hypocellular marrow.	2
Power spectrum analysis of heart rate variability is useful in this instance because it magnifies the trace and detects even minor disturbances.	2
The presence of thrombi in this early-stage lesion suggests that thrombosis plays a role in the initial pathogenesis of this condition.	2
Cytomegalovirus (CMV) pneumonia in the setting of non-transplantation patients is a rarity.	2
The patient had a favorable outcome.	2
Estimated daily intake of propranolol in breast milk by the infant was about 3 micrograms.	2
Ordinarily occurring as a commensal, Kluyvera have been reported to cause serious infections in immunosuppressed and immunocompetent hosts, causing diarrhea, urinary infections, peritonitis, and cholecystitis.	2
Medical management of the head and neck cancer patient (HNCP) most often will include radiation therapy to the head and neck region.	2
Before the infusion he was pretreated with ranitidine, cetirizine, hydroxyzine, montelukast, and prednisone.	2
The authors describe the clinical and pharmacologic management of a patient who developed an organic affective syndrome during a simulated deep-diving experiment.	2
Treatment with oral prednisolone resulted in some improvement in the cutaneous signs, particularly over the face, trunk and proximal limbs.	2
Because pain perception involves both serotonergic and noradrenergic mechanisms, venlafaxine also may be useful in neuropathic pain therapy.	2
After three cycles of chemotherapy over a 10-week period, the patient's dosage requirements returned to her baseline level (before treatment with 5-fluorouracil and leucovorin had started).	2
Oral hypoglycaemics.	2
Continuous supplecation of calcium and vitamin D, provoked dehydration and the mechanism of the milk-alkali syndrome also contributed to this extremely high calcium level.	2
Immediate postoperative cystogram and pelvic computed tomogram (CT) after the development of seizures demonstrated a fluid collection from the suprapubic catheter site into the anterior abdominal wall.	2
Intravitreal bevacizumab was administered and optical coherence tomography revealed worsening of the cystoid macular edema 1 month after the injection.	2
Where over-usage occurs a state of diminished airways response seems to result: it is also possible that the convulsions which occurred in one case may be related to such abuse.	2
Scans were performed without opioid drugs and 30 minutes after intramuscularly administered meperidine, morphine, hydroxyzine, hydroxyzine plus meperidine, butorphanol, and nalbuphine.	2
Methylephedrine is generally harmless and is contained in many cough and cold preparations.	2
Reversible pheripheral edema in female patients taking proton pump inhibitors for peptic acid diseases.	2
The phenytoin only modified the IgA levels.	2
Such a low incidence suggests a hypersensitivity type of reaction.	2
The patients immune system and lung function slowly recovered during the same time period.	2
After the patient underwent conservative treatment, the new symptoms resolved, and follow-up MR imaging and computed tomography demonstrated resorption of the epidural air in the lumbar region.	2
Angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors are widely used for controlling hypertension.	2
The response to clozapine appears to be specific and relapses occurred when maintenance medication was stopped.	2
Further study of this potential health risk in needed.	2
Met-Hgb should be suspected in patients with cyanosis that does not respond to administration of oxygen and who have a discrepancy in oxygen saturation measured by pulse oximetry compared with the arterial partial pressure of oxygen (PaO2) determined by blood gas analysis.	2
An adolescent with stunted growth was treated for 6 months with a synthetic anabolic androgen.	2
Three of 38 children given high-dose cytosine arabinoside therapy developed a previously undescribed complication.	2
We report one case each of CAPD-related peritonitis caused by Aspergillus terreus and Mucor sp., which have previously been described in the literature once and twice, respectively.	2
Asthmatic patients receive multiple drugs as part of their treatment program.	2
He was initiated on oral as well as inhaled corticosteroids along with nasal corticosteroid spray for his nasal complaints.	2
Obtaining appropriate cultures can be critical in making the diagnosis and directing treatment.	2
The patient recovered completely clinically and radiologically after discontinuing cyclosporine.	2
Renal biopsy showed acute interstitial nephritis with eosinophilic cells.	2
Myocardial infarction (MI), associated with the use of these concentrates, is a well-recognized, but uncommon, complication.	2
At postmortem examination the cerebral hemispheres had a conspicuous destruction of white matter, consistent with a necrotizing leukoencephalopathy with focal and diffuse demyelination.	2
Seven of 8 evaluable patients remain alive and free of recurrence with a median follow-up of 13 months.	2
Since carbamazepine was discontinued and had been prescribed for bipolar disorder, his olanzapine dosage was increased, and trazodone was added at bedtime for insomnia.	2
Transfusion-associated graft-versus-host disease (TA-GVHD), has rarely been reported associated with B-chronic lymphocytic leukaemia (B-CLL).	2
His recovery was uneventful.	2
CYP2C19, which catalyses the metabolism of, for example, citalopram, clomipramine and moclobemide.	2
Herein we document the unusual association of focal nodular hyperplasia with use of a synthetic anabolic androgen.	2
Our patient experienced dyspnea, worsening hypoxemia, and a progressive obstructive ventilatory defect 12 days after liver transplantation.	2
Further study is needed to determine the incidence of subclinical membranous nephropathy in patients with rheumatoid arthritis, and the effect of drugs in triggering clinical manifestations of this condition.	2
Reduction in the dose of olanzapine was followed by normalization of the white blood count which allowed continuation of the medication.	2
Combined ketoconazole and amphotericin B treatment of acute disseminated histoplasmosis in a renal allograft recipient.	2
Use of the Naranjo probability scale showed the relationship of itraconazole therapy and the occurrence of acute hepatitis as probable.	2
One year subsequently, he developed a nasal septal perforation.	2
Cidofovir is an antiviral agent that has been proposed for treatment of BKVN.	2
The pharmacist counseled the patient on the potential hazards of using herbal products with prescription medications.	2
The combination of GM-CSF to accelerate hematological recovery and the possibility of administering large doses of a liposomal form of Amphotericin B were the contributing factors to the resolution of the infection.	2
Except for the cellular membranes, each eye was without evidence of inflammation or cystoid macular edema.	2
Fungal peritonitis in patients on continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis (CAPD) has been associated with high mortality and high CAPD-discontinuation rates.	2
Topical provocation with ceftriaxone sodium salt (1% in water [aq.], 5% aq., 10% in petrolatum [pet.], 20% pet.) remained negative both at previously affected sites and in the unaffected skin of the back.	2
The 5 neonates with antral hyperplasia had received prostaglandin E1 for longer periods (mean [+/- SD] duration, 569 +/- 341 hours) than the 65 normal neonates (54 +/- 58 hours, P less than 0.001) or the 4 neonates with clinical signs of gastric obstruction (119 +/- 60 hours, P less than 0.05).	2
CONCLUSIONS: In patients with coronary artery disease, or in situations where cardiovascular stability is desired, glycopyrrolate is an effective means of relieving intraoperative penile erections.	2
This case report refers to a patient with PLEDs whose EEGs did not change while on steady levels of phenytoin and phenobarbital, but showed a complete disappearance of these discharges when felbamate was used.	2
The observed alterations of the thyroid gland were caused by a long lasting Wolff-Chaikoff effect with a delayed adaptation to high iodide concentrations.	2
BOOP is considered as a nonspecific response to many types of lung injury, including drugs, radiation, an underlying hematologic malignant neoplasm, autoimmune diseases, bacterial or virus infection, or an underlying lung disease, or occurs idiopathically.	2
In the interim, the patient had been transitioned to warfarin.	2
The management of leukaemia presenting in pregnancy is discussed.	2
PURPOSE: To report cerebral venous thrombosis as a complication of intravenous corticosteroid treatment in a patient with multiple sclerosis.	2
We described a patient who developed heart failure and pericarditis after bone marrow transplantation for a hematologic malignancy.	2
Tiny black granules were most numerous in the basal laminae of vessels in electron microscopic observation.	2
The objective of this presentation is to document the salient clinical findings in a case of aflatoxicosis and to review the literature on the same so as to increase the index of suspicion, enhance early diagnosis and improve management.	2
The patient underwent a successive surgical procedure without any adverse event.	2
However, none were as severe as the first rash.	2
Mycotic aneurysm of the suprarenal abdominal aorta.	2
These children aged 2.5-15 years were treated for Burkitt's lymphoma, Ewing's tumour, small cell bone tumour or medulloblastoma.	2
Complications of extensive adhesion formation after intraperitoneal chemotherapy.	2
Sodium bicarbonate should be given early in the resuscitation, and re-administered as frequently as required, targeting an alkaline pH and improved cardiac output, while accepting hypernatraemia.	2
A 57-year-old woman was hospitalized because of gait disturbance and dysuria.	2
The patient responded to aluminum chloride applied topically.	2
These remained the only agents for the next 50 years.	2
Optimizing antidiabetic treatment options for patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular comorbidities.	2
A notable improvement in cancer symptoms and reduction in tumor size were seen in all three patients.	2
A nonfatal case of accidental prolonged overdosage of pyrimethamine (10 times the usual dose for 10 days) in a seven-week-old infant treated for congenital toxoplasmosis is presented.	2
Histologic examination of biopsies from two regressing tumor nodes showed necrotic tumor cells and infiltration with CD8 positive cells.	2
Effects on heart rate and blood pressure as well as tachyarrhythmias have been well described.	2
These patients all suffered unnecessary morbidity or investigations.	2
The patient received hyperbaric oxygen therapy for 1 week.	2
Olanzapine may be considered a potential and safer treatment for a this specific group of patients.	2
We report herein the case of a 69-year-old Japanese man with acquired von Willebrand syndrome associated with monoclonal gammopathy of undetermined significance who developed IgG1-kappa antibodies against von Willebrand factor (VWF).	2
DISCUSSION: Itraconazole pulse therapy for onychomycosis appears to be at least as effective as and safer than a continuous treatment regimen, particularly from the perspective of potential liver damage.	2
Repeat catheter and peripheral culturing occurred 72 hours after the 5-day period.	2
Most cases are due to Candida spp. while Aspergillus spp. and zygomycetes have only rarely been implicated.	2
We describe a case of delayed onset HIT with resulting massive pulmonary embolism postcardiac surgery that was successfully managed with lepirudin.	2
Prompt recognition of a chlorambucil drug reaction is essential in patients receiving chemotherapy.	2
Correlated with the lesions evaluated in computed tomography, right hemiplegia and complete aphasia was observed.	2
Two years later, his treatment was switched to olanzapine.	2
Apomorphine-induced erections in PD are probably more common than previously thought.	2
Diagnosis was confirmed by polymerase chain reaction (PCR) detection of donor DNA in the patient, by amplification of Y-chromosome sequence and analysis of minisatellite polymorphisms.	2
Final treatment plans for the HNCP should include medical assessment of past dental history, oral hygiene, potential compliance, or lack of, to dental care recommendations, the emotional state of the patient, socio-economic status of the patient (lifestyle, cost of care), future quality of life, the medical and/or life prognosis of the patient.	2
Further observations and reports will help clarify this adverse effect.	2
In vivo confocal microscopic findings of interlamellar stromal keratopathy induced by elevated intraocular pressure.	2
Samples with concentrations exceeding the linearity were diluted.	2
Clinical findings included Horner's syndrome, generalized lymphadenopathy, temporal muscle atrophy, and chorioretinitis.	2
A 26-year-old HIV-seropositive Caucasian man with cryptococcal meningitis developed permanent bilateral blindness shortly after starting highly active antiretroviral treatment.	2
The arterial ketone body ratio (AKBR), which is the ratio of acetoacetate to beta-hydroxybutyrate in arterial blood and which reflects the redox state in liver mitochondria, improved dramatically following treatment.	2
The catheter was removed after 14 days because a local infection developed that resolved uneventfully with antibiotic therapy.	2
The number of suspected ADRs remains small, especially when compared with the magnitude of human clinical use of 1% lindane preparations in the United States (50 million ounces during the past five years).	2
He presented with hypokalemia and hyperchloremic non-anion-gap metabolic acidosis with a high urinary pH.	2
OVERVIEW: Diagnosis of diabetes mellitus (DM) type 1 results in medical disqualification for all military aviation duties all over the world.	2
It can mimic other diseases because of its nonspecific clinical presentation and radiographic signs.	2
Starting with the 8th hospital day, the thrombocyte count steadily increased from 410000/microl to a maximum of 1132000/microl on hospital day 16.	2
At autopsy, the liver was found to be small, shrunken, and scarred; histological sections demonstrated postnecrotic cirrhosis.	2
Physical exam revealed a patient with aphasia, tremor, and an expressionless face, able to make eye contact and move all four extremities.	2
At the time when the leukemia appeared seven of the patients were in complete, and one in partial, remission as regards the ovarian carcinoma.	2
The American Society for Regional Anesthesia and Pain Medicine has specific guidelines for treatment of these patients when they undergo neuraxial anesthetic procedures.	2
Concomitant administration of estradiol resulted in a reduction in serum alanine aminotransferase and ferritin levels and hepatic iron concentration and staining after 2 years of estrogen therapy, although interferon therapy was withdrawn because of adverse effects.	2
